"A loaf of bread", the Walrus said, "is what we chiefly need."

"As a matter of fact" precedes many an expression that isn't.

"Beware the [lobbyist], my son, the jaws that bite, the claws that snatch"
(with thanks to Lewis Carroll).  No matter how noble the cause or well
meaning its professional advocates, lobbyists are still paid to get results.
They're subject to errors in judgement, shortcomings in motives, and most of
them don't even vote in your district.  -- Pierre S. du Pont

"But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast to the
nearest gas station."

"Give us the man," shout the multitude, "who will step forward and take the
responsibility."  He is instantly the idol, the lord, and the king among men.
He, then, who would command among his fellows, must excel them more in energy
or will than in power of intellect.  -- Burnap

"Go to Hell!" or other insult direct is all the answer a snoopy question
deserves.  -- Lazarus Long

I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital.  On the other hand, if
he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out.

"I must do something" will always solve more problems than "Something must be
done."

Lord, please let me find a one-armed economist so we won't always hear "On the
other hand..."  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

"Right reason," by which Cicero meant an "immediate and intuitive apprehension
of moral and spiritual values," of what is right and just and what is wrong
and unjust, was in the nature of things placed by God in all men; and no
decree or legislative enactment could change what is right and what is wrong.
 -- Forrest MacDonald

Send for clips to see how I write.  If you don't, frogs will sneak into your
house and eat your fingers.  -- John Corcoran

The student in question is performing minimally for his peer group and is an
emerging underachiever.

"Truth," I cried, "though the heavens crush me for following her; no falsehood,
though a whole celestial Lubberland were the price of apostacy!"  -- Carlyle

When a fellow can't read, he's got to think.

"Whom are you?" said he, for he had been to night school.  -- George Ade

"Why should I?" is the cry of work dodgers.  They aim to do just enough to get
by.  They are clock watchers who are afraid they will render more service than
they are paid to perform.  They are too lazy to think, too selfish to put
their shoulders to the wheel in a common cause.

$100 placed at 7 percent interest compounded quarterly for 200 years will
increase to more than $100,000,000--by which time it will be worth nothing.
 -- Lazarus Long

'Tis a common proof, that lowliness is a [....] ambition's ladder, whereto the
climber upwards turns his face; but when he once attains the utmost round, he
then unto the ladder turns his back, looks into the clouds scorning the base
degrees by which he did ascend.  -- Shakespeare

'Tis better that a man's own works, than that another man's words should priase
him.  -- L'Estrange

'Tis distance lends enchantment to the view,
And robes the mountain in its azure hue.  -- Campbell

'Tis easier for the generous to forgive,
Than for offence to ask it.  -- Thomson

'Tis education forms the common mind.
Just as the twig is bent, the tree's inclin'd.  -- Alexander Pope

'Tis home felt pleasure prompts the patriot's sigh;
This makes him wish to live and dare to die.  -- Campbell

'Tis in my memory lock'd,
And you yourself shall keep the key of it.  -- Shakespeare

'Tis late before // The brave despair.  -- Thomson

'Tis not in mortals to command success;
But we'll do more, Sempronius--we'll deserve it.  -- Addison

'Tis not the fairest form that holds
 The mildest, purest soul within;
'Tis not the richest plant that holds
 The sweetest fragrance in.  -- Dawes

'Tis one thing to be tempted, another thing to fall.  -- Shakespeare

'Tis pleasant, sure, to see one's name in print;
A book's a book, although there's nothing in't.  -- Lord Byron

'Tis strange the miser should his cares employ
To gain the riches he can ne'er enjoy.  -- Alexander Pope

'Tis the mind that makes the body rich.  -- Shakespeare

(a) Completion of any task within the allocated time and budget does not bring
credit upon the performing personnel--it merely proves the task was easier
than expected;  (b) failure to complete any task within the allocated time and
budget proves the task was more difficult than expected and requires promotion
for those in charge.

Handbook of Robotics, 56th Edition, 2058
1. A robot may not injure a human being, or, through inaction, allow
   a human being to come to harm.
2. A robot must obey the orders given it by human beings except
   where such orders would conflict with the First Law.
3. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection
   does not conflict with the First or Second Laws.

-- brave thirst of fame his bosom warms.  -- Winston Churchill

... One sip of this will bathe the drooping spirits in delights beyond dreams
of bliss.

... Survival demands collective action; "alone" is for gravestones in hacker's
cemeteries.

... [concerning " marks] even if we DID quote anybody in this business, it
probably would be gibberish.  -- Thom Mcleod

... and living was just a way of passing time until he died.  -- Hamish Sankov

... and oftener changed their principles than their shirts.  -- Dr. Young

... cost consciousness and sophisticated design are basically incompatible.
 -- Richard F. Moore

... high salaries equals happiness equals project success.  -- Richard F. Moore

... it is not through sin that he opposes God. The Devil's strategy for our
times is to make trivial human existence and to isolate us from one another
while creating the delusion that the reasons are time pressures, work demands,
or economic anxieties.

... persons who would be placed outside the pale of society with contempt are
not those who would be placed there by another culture.  -- Ruth Benedict

... that peculiar disease of intellectuals, that infatuation with ideas at
the expense of experience that compels experience to conform to bookish
preconceptions.

... the less management demands of engineers and scientists, the greater their
productivity.  -- Richard F. Moore

... there being nothing more evident than that creatures of the same species
... should be equal amongst one another without subordination or subjection...
 -- John Locke

!XAV eht edisni deppart ma I !pleH

7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
The Bionic Dog drinks too much and kicks over the National Redwood Forest.

7:30, Channel 5: The Bionic Dog (Action/Adventure)
The Bionic Dog gets a hormonal short-circuit and violates the Mann Act
with an interstate Greyhound bus.

8:30 Channel 7: Bewitched.  Tabitha gets carsick and turns Darin into a plastic
bag.

90 percent of everything is crud.  -- Theodore Sturgeon

9:00 Channel 5: I Dream of Jeanie.  Jeanie and Major Nelson discover new things
to do with Jeanie's bottle.

A "critic" is a person who creates nothing and thereby feels qualified to
judge the work of creative people. There is logic in this; he is unbiased--
he hates all creative people equally.  -- Lazarus Long

A "pacifist" is a contradiction in terms. Most self-described pacifists are not
pacific; they simply assume false colors. When the wind changes they hoist the
Jolly Roger.  -- Lazarus Long

A Democratic nation, at least when organized to secure the political rights of
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, can be a large and populous
nation.  -- Michael Scully

A God alone can comprehend a God.  -- Young

A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.

A White House well filled, a little peanut field well tilled, and a wife who
will go to the Bronx are great riches.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

A army's effectiveness depends on its size, training, experience and morale ...
and morale is worth more than all the other factors combined.
 -- Napoleon Bonaparte

A [golf] ball hitting a tree shall be deemed not to have hit the tree. Hitting
a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.  The player
should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it had not hit
the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice firm tuft of
grass.  -- Donald A. Metz

A ball sliced or hooked into the rough shall be lifted and placed in the
fairway at a point equal to the distance it carried or rolled into the rough.
Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between the face
of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be penalized
for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such uncontrollable
physical phenomena.  -- Donald A. Metz

A baseball player who makes a spectacular defensive play always leads off the
next inning as batter.  -- Bob Smith

A bathroom hook will be loaded to capacity immediately upon becoming available.
This also applies to freeways, closets, playgrounds, downtown hotels, taxis,
parking lots, bookcases, wallets, purses, pockets, pipe racks, basement
shelves, and so on.  The list is endless.  -- John Joyce

A beautiful eye makes silence eloquent, a kind eye makes contradiction an
assent, an enraged eye makes beauty deformed.  This little member gives life
to every part about us; and I believe the story of Argus implies no more,
than the eye is in every part; that is to say, every other part would be
mutilated, were not its force represented more by the eye than even by itself.
 -- Addison

A bee is not a busier animal than a blockhead.  -- Alexander Pope

A bird in the hand is dead.  -- Rhonda Boozer

A bird in the hand is safer than two overhead.

A bitter jest, when the satire comes too near the truth, leaves a sharp sting
behind.  -- Tacitus

A bottle of sweat for every bottle of wine.

A brave man is sometimes a desperado; a bully is always a coward.  -- Haliburton

A brute kills for pleasure. A fool kills from hate.

A bureaucrat's castle is his desk ... and parking place.  Proceed cautiously
when changing either.  -- Douglas Evelyn

A camel looks like a horse that was planned by a committee.  -- Vogue Magazine

A carelessly planned project takes three times longer to complete than
expected; a carefully planned project will only take twice as long.

A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.

A characteristic of the normal child is he doesn't act that way very often.

A chase always involves two parts:  first breaking contact, second the retiring
action to divorce oneself from the incident.  -- Robert A. Heinlein

A chicken doesn't stop scratching just because the worms are scarce.
 -- John Peers

A child miseducated is a child lost.  -- John F. Kennedy

A Christian in this world is but gold in the ore; at death the pure gold is
melted out and separated and the dross cast away and consumed.  -- Flavel

A Christian is the highest style of man.  -- Young

A clean limerick is a contradiction in terms.

A clown is a clown and will always be a clown.  -- Babbaluche the cobbler

A college education shows a man how little other people know.  -- Haliburton

A column about errors will contain errors.  -- Bill Gold

A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain.

A committee is a thing which takes a week to do what one good man can do in
an hour.  -- Elbert Hubbard

A company is known by the people it keeps.

A component's degree of reliability is directly proportional to its ease of
accessibility (i.e., the harder it is to get to, the more often it breaks
down).  -- Jonathan Waddell

A compromise is the art of dividing the cake in such a way that each one
thinks he is getting the biggest piece.

A consultant is an ordinary person a long way from home.

A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
 -- John M. Dyer

A coup that is known in advance is a coup that does not take place.

A cow eats without a knife.

A coward is a hero with a wife, kids, and a mortgage.  -- Marvin Kitman

A cynic is a man who knows the price of everything and the value of nothing.
 -- Oscar Wilde

A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin.
 -- H. L. Mencken

A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
 -- Edgar A. Shoaff

A cynic is one who will laugh at anything so long as it isn't funny.

A deaf ear is the first symptom of a closed mind.

A diplomat and a stage magician are the two professions that have to have a
high silk hat. All the tricks that either one of them have are in the hat,
and all are known to other diplomats and magicians.

A diplomat's life is made up of three things: protocol, Geritol, and alcohol.

A disagreeable task is its own reward.

A dress that zips up the back will bring a husband and wife together.
 -- James H. Boren

A dull mind, once arriving at an inference that flatters a desire, is rarely
able to retain the impression that the notion from which the inference started
was purely problematic.  -- George Eliot

A fail-safe circuit will destroy others.

A fake fortune teller can be tolerated. But an authentic soothsayer should be
shot on sight. Cassandra did not get half the kicking around she deserved.
 -- Lazarus Long

A falling body always rolls to the most inaccessable spot.
 -- Theodore M. Bernstein

A fellow-feeling makes one wondrous kind.  -- Garrick

A few books are alright, like wine, but too much can be bad.  Books break down
brains.

A fire eater must eat fire even if he has to kindle it himself.
 -- Salvor Hardin

A fit of anger is as fatal to dignity as a dose of arsenic to life.
 -- Dr. Holland

At five minutes before the hour, a student will ask a question requiring a ten
minute answer.  -- M. M. Johnston

A flattering painter, who made it his care to draw men as they ought to be, not
as they are.  -- Oliver Goldsmith

A fool in high station is like a man on the top of a high mountain: everything
appears small to him and he appears small to everybody.
 -- Professor Leader W. Matsch

A fool, indeed, has great need of a title,
It teaches men to call him count and duke,
And to forget his proper name of fool.  -- Crowne

A foot is a device for finding furniture in the dark.

A free people always has the right to dismiss its rulers--whom it regards as
its servants--at any time.  -- Harry V. Jaffa

A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.  -- Adlai Stevenson

A friend in need // Is a friend indeed.

A friend of mine stopped smoking, drinking, overeating, and chasing women
--all at the same time.  It was a lovely funeral.

A friend to everybody is a friend to nobody.

A friend will let you hold the ladder while he goes up on the roof to install
your new TV antenna, which is the biggest son of a bitch you ever saw.

A friend will refrain from telling you he picked up the same amount of life
insurance coverage as you did for half the price; and his is non-cancelable.

A gen'ral sets his army in array
In vain, unless he fight and win the day.  -- Denham

A generation which ignores history has no past--and no future.

A gentleman has ease without familiarity, is respectful without meanness;
genteel without affectation, insinuating without seeming art.  -- Chesterfield

A gentleman is a man who can support his own weight on his hands.

A gift of flowers will soon be made to you.

A good book is the precious life-blood of a master spirit, embalmed and
treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life.  -- Milton

A good cook is like a sorceress who dispenses happiness.  -- Else Schiaparelli

A good dinner sharpens wit, while it softens the heart.  -- Doran

A good imitation is the most perfect originality.  -- Voltaire

A good leader inspires others with confidence in him; a great leader inspires
them with confidence in themselves.

A good name will wear out; a bad one may be turned; a nickname lasts forever.
 -- Zimmerman

A good neighbor is one who will watch your vacation slides all evening without
telling you that he has been there.

A good place to start is where you are.  -- Charles Wolf, Jr.

A good teacher has been defined as one who makes himself progressively
unnecessary.  -- Thomas J. Carruthers

A good word is an easy obligation, but not to speak ill, requires only our
silence, which costs us nothing.  -- Tillotson

A goodly apple rotten at the heart;
O, what a goodly outside falsehood hath!  -- Shakespeare

A grave, wherever found, preaches a short and pithy sermon to the soul.
 -- Hawthorne

A gray eye is still and sly;
A rougish eye is the brown;
The eye of blue is ever true;
But in the black eye's sparkling spell
Mystery and mischief dwell.

A great fortune is a great slavery.  -- Seneca

A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging
their prejudices.

A great source of error is the judging of events by abstract calculations,
which though geometrically true are false as they relate to the concerns of
beings governed more by passions and prejudice than by an enlightened sense
of their interests.  -- Alexander Hamilton

A guy has to get fresh once in a while so the girl doesn't lose her confidence.

A habit of sneering marks the egotist, or the fool, or the knave, or all three.
 -- Lavater

A heart unspotted is not easily daunted.  -- Shakespeare

A house is never perfectly furnished for enjoyment, unless there is a child in
it rising three years old, and a kitten rising six weeks.  -- Southey

A hundred mouths, a hundred tongues,
And throats of brass, inspired with iron lungs.  -- Virgil

A journalist is a grumbler, a censurer, a giver of advice, a regent of
sovereigns, a tutor of nations.  Four hostile newspapers are more to be
feared than a thousand bayonets.  -- Napoleon Bonaparte

A kick, that scarce would move a horse may kill a sound divine.  -- Cowper

A king that would not feel his crown too heavy for him, must wear it every day;
but if he think it too light, he knoweth not of what metal it is made.
 -- Bacon

A king's castle is his home.

A leader is best when people barely know he exists ... When his work is done,
his aim fulfilled, they will say, "We did this ourselves."  -- Lao-Tse

A lie in time saves nine.

A lie should be trampled on and extinguished wherever found.  I am for
fumigating the atmosphere, when I suspect that falsehood, like pestilence,
breathes around me.  -- Carlyle

A light heart lives long.  -- Shakespeare

A light supper, a good night's sleep and a fine morning have often made a hero
out of the same man, who, by indigestion, a restless night and a rainy morning
would have proved a coward.  -- Chesterfield

A lion among ladies is a most fearful thing; for there is not a more fearful
wild-fowl than your lion living.  -- Shakespeare

A little ambiguity never hurt anyone.  -- Charles Suhor

A little help at the right time is better than a lot of help at the wrong time.
 -- Tevye

A little humility is arrogance.  -- Bill Gray

A little ignorance can go a long way.  -- Solomon Short

A little learning is a dangerous thing!  -- Alexander Pope

A little neglect may breed great mischief ... for the want of a shah, Iran was
lost; for the want of Iran, the hostages were lost; and for the want of the
hostages, I'd be lost.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

A little philosophy inclineth man's mind to atheism, but depth of philosophy
bringeth a man's mind about to religion.  -- Bacon

A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.

A lot of what appears to be progress is just so much technological rococo.
 -- Bill Gray

A lover's like a hunter--if the game be got with too much ease he cares not
for't.  -- Mead

A man begins cutting his wisdom teeth the first time he bites off more than he
can chew.  -- Herb Caen

A man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still.  -- Butler

A man devoid of religion, is like a horse without a bridle.

A man has no more right to say an uncivil thing, than to act one; no more right
to say a rude thing to another, than to knock him down.  -- Johnson

A man he seems of cheerful yesterdays and confident tomorrows.  -- Wordsworth

A man is never astonished that he doesn't know what another does, but he is
surprised at the gross ignorance of the other in not knowing what he does.
 -- Haliburton

A man must first govern himself ere he be fit to govern a family, and his
family ere he be fit to bear the government in the commonwealth.
 -- Sir Walter Raliegh

A man never discloses his own character so clearly as when he describes
another's.  -- Jean Paul Richter

A man said to the universe, "Sir, I exist."  "However," replied the universe,
"the fact has not created in me a sense of obligation."  -- Stephen Crane

A man should be careful never to tell tales of himself to his own disadvantage;
people may be amused, and laugh at the time, but they will be remembered, and
brought up against him upon some subsequent occasion.  -- Johnson

A man should be greater than some of his parts.

A man should never be ashamed to own he has been in the wrong, which is but
saying, in other words, that he is wiser today than he was yesterday.  -- Pope

A man should not allow himself to hate even his enemies, because if you indulge
this passion on some occasions, it will rise of itself in others; if you hate
your enemies, you will contract such a vicious habit of mind, as by degrees
will break out upon those who are your friends, or those who are indifferent
to you.  -- Plutarch

A man who can't mind his own business is not to be trusted with the king's.
 -- Saville

A man who checks out of the express lane with seven items is the same man
who will wear Supp-Hose and park in the Reserved for Handicapped spaces.
 -- Erma Bombeck

A man who cries is capable of any evil.

A man who is always forgetting his best intentions may be said to be a
thorough fare of good resolutions.  -- Mrs. Jameson

A man who knows the world will not only make the most of everything he does
know, but of many things that he does not know; and will gain more credit by
his adroit mode of hiding his ignorance than the pendant by his awkward
attempt to exhibit his erudition.  -- Colton

A man who studieth revenge keeps his own wounds green.  -- Francis Bacon

A man who turns green has eschewed protein.

A man with one watch knows what time it is; a man with two watches is never
sure.

A man without a God is like a fish without a bicycle.

A man without religion is like a fish without a bicycle.

A man's dying is more the survivors' affair than his own.  -- Thomas Mann

A man's errors are what makes him amiable.  -- Goethe

A man's good breeding is the best security against another's bad manners.
 -- Chesterfield

A man's legs must be long enough to reach the ground.  -- Abraham Lincoln

A man's reputation is the opinion people have of him; his character is what he
really is.  -- Jack Miner

A manuscript for a market in which no textbooks currently exist will be
followed two weeks after contracting by an announcement of an identical
book by your closest competitor.

A meeting is a place where people get together to talk about what they
should be doing.

A meeting lasts at least 1-1/2 hours however short the agenda.  -- Denys Parsons

A memorandum is written not to inform the reader but to protect the writer.
 -- Dean Acheson

A military disaster may produce a better postwar situation than victory.
 -- Shimon Tzabar

A mind content both crown and kingdom is.  -- Greene

A mother is a mother still, // The holiest thing alive.  -- Coleridge

A motion to adjourn is always in order.

A narrow mind begets obstinacy, and we do not easily believe what we cannot
see.  -- Dryden

A nation may lose its liberties in a day and not miss them in a century.
 -- Baron de Montesquieu

A necessary item only goes on sale after you have purchased it at the regular
price.  -- Sherry Graditor

A new broom sweeps clean, but the old brush knows the corners.

A new cask will long preserve the tincture of the liquor with which it was
first impregnated.  -- Horace

A new idea is delicate.  It can be killed by a sneer or a yawn; it can be
stabbed to death by a quip and worried to death by a frown on the right
man's brow.  -- Charlie Brower

A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making
them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die, and a new
generation grows up that is familiar with it.  -- Max Planck

A nickname is the heaviest stone the devil can throw at a man.

A nose that can see is worth two that can sniff.  -- Eugene Ionesco

A pair of bright eyes with a dozen glances suffice to subdue a man; to enslave
him, and inflame; to make him even forget; they dazzle him so, that the past
becomes straightway dim to him; and he so prizes them, that he would give all
his life to possess them.  What is the fond love of dearest friends compared
to their treasure?  Is memory as strong as expectancy, fruition as hunger,
gratitude as desire?  -- Thackeray

A parade should have bands or horse, but not both.  -- Nancy M. Wells

A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.

A pedestrian hit me and went under my car.

A pedestrian is a man who has two cars, a wife, and one or more teenage kids.

A perpetual holiday is a good working definition of hell.
 -- George Bernard Shaw

A person over age 65 who drinks says that his doctor recommends it.
 -- Bob Smith

A person reveals his character by nothing so clearly as the joke he resents.
 -- G.C. Lichtenberg

A person who can't lead and won't follow makes a dandy roadblock.

A phenomenon known to anyone who has ever lit fires:  You can throw a burnt
match out the window of your car and start a forest fire while you can use
two boxes of matches and a whole edition of the Sunday paper without being
able to start a fire under the dry logs in your fireplace.

A physician is not angry at the intemperance of a mad patient, nor does he take
it ill to be railed at by a man in a fever.  Just so should a wise man treat
all mankind, as a physician treats a patient, and look upon them only as sick
and extravagant.  -- Seneca

A piano is a piano is a piano is a piano.  -- Gertrude Steinway

A picture is a poem without words.  -- Horace

A piece of electronic equipment is housed in a beautifully designed cabinet,
and at the side or on top is a little box containing the components which the
designer forgot to make room for.  -- Denys Parsons

A pig ate his fill of acorns under an oak tree and then started to root
around the tree.  A crow remarked, "You should not do this.  If you lay bare
the roots, the tree will wither and die." "Let it die," said the pig.  "Who
cares so long as there are acorns?"

A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his
mouth.

A place you want to get to is always just off the edge of the map you happen to
have handy.  -- Denys Parsons

A pleasing trembling thrills through all my blood
Whene'er you touch me with your melting hand;
But when you kiss, oh! 'tis not to be spoke.  -- Gildon

A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.

A poet begins in delight and ends in wisdom.  -- Robert Frost

A poet that fails in writing, becomes often a morose critic.  The weak insipid
white wine makes at length excellent vinegar.  -- Shenstone

A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.

A politician always abuses his own constituency and placates the opponent's.
 -- Bob Smith

A politician will always tip off his true belief by stating the opposite at
the beginning of the sentence.  For maximum comprehension, do not start
listening until the first clause is concluded.  Begin instead at the word
"but" which begins the second, or active, clause.  This is the way to tell a
liberal from a conservative--before they tell you.  Thus:  "I have always
believed in a strong national defense, second to none, but ... " (a liberal,
about to propose a $20 billion defense cut).  -- Frank Mankiewicz

A poor man served by thee, shall make thee rich.  -- Mrs. Browning

A pregnancy will never occur when you have a low-paying job which you hate.
 -- Erma Bombeck

A present, over which you will shed tears of joy.

A professor's enthusiasm for teaching the introductory course varies inversely
with the likelihood of his having to do it.

A propensity to hope and joy is real riches; one to fear and sorrow real
poverty.  -- Hume

A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience.

A prudent question is one-half wisdom.  -- Francis Bacon (1561-1626)

A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be too heavy
for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which was intended for
her preservation.  -- Colton

A pun is the lowest form of humor--when you don't think of it first.
 -- Oscar Levant

A putt that stops close enough to the cup to inspire such comments as "you
could blow it in" may be blown in.  This rule does not apply if the ball is
more than three inches from the hole, because no one wants to make a travesty
of the game.  -- Donald A. Metz

A quick response is worth a thousand logical responses.  -- Merle P. Martin

A reactionary is a man whose political opinions always manage to keep up
with yesterday.

A real friend is a person who, when you've made a fool of yourself, lets you
forget it.

A realist lets circumstances decide which end of the telescope to look through.

A recent moralist has affirmed that the human heart is like a jug.  No mortal
can look into its recesses, and you can only judge of its purity by what comes
out of it.

A recession is when my neighbor loses his job.  A depression is when I lose my
job.  A panic is when my wife loses her job.  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

A record of data is useful--it indicates that you've been working.

A reform is a correction of abuses; a revolution is a transfer of power.

A reformer is a guy who rides through a sewer in a glass bottomed boat.

A reformer wants his conscience to be your guide.

A religion can no more afford to degrade its Devil than to degrade its God.

A reserved lover, it is said, always makes a suspicious husband.
 -- Oliver Goldsmith

A river flowing through one of our large Eastern cities is so polluted it is
considered a fire hazard!

A rose by any other name would still be a flower.

A rose is a rose is a rose, but junk is not junk is not junk. It is never
quite what you think it is.  -- Richard N. Farmer

A satirist is a man who discovers unpleasant things about himself and then says
them about other people.  -- Peter McArthur

A scar nobly got is a good livery of honor.  -- Shakespeare

A school should not be a preparation for life.  A school should be life.
 -- Elbert Hubbard

A secret in his mouth,
Is like a wild bird put into a cage;
Whose door no sooner opens, but 'tis out.  -- Johnson

A seminar on Time Travel will be held two weeks ago.

A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will
keep him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those
that are worth committing.  -- Samuel Butler

A sentence well couched takes both the sense and the understanding.  I love not
those cart-rope speeches that are longer than the memory of man can fathom.
 -- Fletham

A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
 -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic.  -- Joseph Stalin

A slave has but one master; the ambitious man has as many masters as there are
persons whose aide may contribute to the advancement of his fortune.
 -- La Bruyere

A smattering of philosophy had liberated his [Nero's] intellect without
maturing his judgement.  -- Tacitus

A smoker is always attracted to the non-smoking section.  -- Raj K. Dhawan

A soft answer turneth away wrath.

A stagnant science is at a standstill.

A statue lies hid in a block of marble; and the art of the statuary only clears
away the superfluous matter, and removes the rubbish.  -- Addison

A stitch in time saves nine.

A stranger at your gate is grateful for the hospitality of your house.

A strong memory is generally coupled with infirm judgment.  -- Montaigne

A study of the science of technology defines what is possible; a study of the
economics of technology establishes which of the possibilities is practical
and useful.  -- Montgomery Phister

A successful person is one who went ahead and did the thing the rest of us
never quite got around to.

A successful symposium depends on the ratio of meeting to eating.

A sunny temper gilds the edges of life's blackest cloud.  -- Guthrie

A suspicious parent makes an artful child.  -- Haliburton

A system tends to grow in terms of complexity rather than of simplification,
until the resulting unreliability becomes intolerable.  -- Tom Gibb

A taste for irony has kept more hearts from breaking than a sense of humor,
for it takes irony to appreciate the joke which is on oneself.
 -- Jessamyn West
(Irony is when you buy a suit with two pair of pants, and then burn a hole
in the coat.)

A theory is better than its explanation.  -- H. P. Woodward

A timid person is frightened before a danger, a coward during the time, and
a courageous person afterwards.  -- Jean Paul Richter

A toad-eater's an imp I don't admire.  -- Dr. Woolcott

A touchstone to determine the actual worth of an "intellectual"--find out
how he feels about astrology.  -- Lazarus Long

A transistor protected by a fast acting fuse will protect the fuse by blowing
first.  -- David Ellis

A truck backed through my windshield into my wife's face.

A true friend will see you through when others see that you are through.

A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a Unicorn.

A university is a place where men of principle outnumber men of honor.
 -- Ernest May

A verbal contract isn't worth the paper its printed on.  -- Sam Goldwyn

A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.

A weak mind is like a microscope, which magnifies trifling things, but cannot
receive great ones.  -- Chesterfield

A wedding ring is like a tourniquet, it cuts off your circulation.

A well regulated commerce is not, like law, physic, or divinity, to be
overstocked with hands; but, on the contrary, flourishes by multitudes, and
gives employment to all its professors.  -- Addison

A well-bred dog generally bows to strangers.

A winner goes through a problem; A loser goes around, but never past, it.

A winner isn't nearly as afraid of losing as a loser is secretly afraid of
winning.

A winner makes commitments; a loser makes promises.

A winner says "Lets find out."; a loser says, "Nobody knows."

A winner works harder than a loser and has more time; A loser is always too
busy to do what is necessary.

A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a 
mountain top.

A wise man who stands firm is a statesman, a foolish man who stands firm is a
catastrophe.

A wise ruler ought never to keep faith when by doing so it would be against
his interests.  -- Niccolo Machiavelli

A wit's a feather, and a chief's a god;
An honest man is the noblest work of God.  -- Alexander Pope

A zygote is a gamete's way of producing more gametes. This may be the purpose
of the universe.  -- Lazarus Long

Running a project in this office is like mating elephants:  A.  it takes a great
deal of time and effort to get on top of things; B.  The whole affair is
always accompanied by a great deal of noise and confusion, the culmination of
which is heralded by loud trumpeting; C.  After which, nothing comes of the
effort for two years.

ACHTUNG:
       Das machine ist nicht fur gefingerpoken und mittengrabben.
       Ist easy schnappen der springenwerk, blowenfusen und
       corkenpoppen mit spitzensparken. Ist nicht fur gewerken
       by das dummkopfen. Das rubbernecken sightseeren keepen
       hands in das pockets. Relaxen und vatch das blinkenlights!!!

ADVANCED DESIGN: copy writer doesn't understand it.

ALL NEW: Parts not interchangeable with previous design.

ARTIFACT: Something only an art major would know.

ARTIFACT: The only true fact in an experiment.

Ability hits the mark where presumption overshoots and diffidence falls short.
 -- John Henry Newman

Ability is of little account without opportunity.  -- Napoleon Bonaparte

Ability wins us the esteem of the true men; luck that of the people.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

Abruptness is eloquence in parting, when spinning out the time is but the
weaving of new sorrow.  -- Sir John Suckling

Absence and death are the same--only that in death there is no suffering.
 -- Walter S. Landor

Absence diminishes little passions and increases great ones, as wind
extinguishes candles and fans a fire.  -- Francois de La Rochefoucauld

Absence of occupation is not rest
A mind quite vacent is a mind distress'd.  -- Cowper

Absolute freedom is being able to do what you please without considering
anyone except the wife and kids, the company and the boss, neighbors and
friends, the police and government, the doctor and the church.

Abstaining is favorable both to the head and to the pocket.  -- Horace Greeley

Abuse is the weapon of the vulgar.  -- Samuel Griswold Goodrich

Abuse: the bitter clamour of two evil tongues.  -- Shakespeare

Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics, because the
stakes are so low.  -- Wallace Sayre

According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never dies.

Accuracy is the twin brother of honesty; inaccuracy, of dishonesty.
 -- Charles Simmons

Accuracy is to a newspaper what virtue is to a lady, but a newspaper can always
print a retraction.  -- Adlai E. Stevenson

Accuracy of statement is one of the first elements of truth; inaccuracy is a
near kin to falsehood.  -- Tyron Edwards

Accurst ambition, how dearly I have bought you.  -- John Dryden

Act upon your impulses, but pray that they may be directed by God.
 -- Emerson Tennent

Act well at the moment, and you have performed a good action to all eternity.
 -- Lavater

Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without
action.  -- Benjaimn Disraeli

Action to be effective must be directed to clearly conceived ends.
 -- Jawaharial Nehru

Actions of the last age are like almanacs of the last age.  -- Sir Thomas Denham

Adaptability is not imitation.  It means power of resistance and assimilation.
 -- Mahatma Gandhi

Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
 -- Frederick P. Brooks, Jr.

Administration maintains the status quo.  -- Thomas L. Martin

Adversity borrows its sharpest sting from our impatience.  -- Bishop Horne

Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous
circumstances would have lain dormant.  -- Horace

Adversity reveals genius, prosperity conceals it.  -- Horace

Adversity's sweet milk, philosophy.  -- Shakespeare

Advice from an old carpenter:  Measure twice and saw once.

Advise well before you begin, and when you have maturely considered, then act
with promptitude.  -- Sallust

After I asked him what he meant, he replied that freedom consisted of the
unimpeded right to get rich, to use his ability, no matter what the cost
to others, to win advancement.  -- Norman Thomas

After a raise in salary you will have less money at the end of each month than
you had before.  -- Dr. R. F. Gumperson

After adding two weeks to the schedule for unexpected delays, add two more for
the unexpected, unexpected delays.

After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.

After all, what was MEDEA? Just another child custody case.  -- Frank Pierson

After large expenditures of federal, state, and county funds; after much
confusion generated by detours and road blocks; after greatly annoying
the surrounding population with noise, dust, and fumes, the previously
existing traffic jam is relocated by one half-mile.  -- Alan Deitz

After the correction has been found to be in error, it will be impossible to
fit the original quantity back into the equation.

After wisdom comes wit.  -- Evan Esar

Against stupidity, even the gods themselves contend in vain.  -- Isaac Azimov

Against logic there is no armor like ignorance.

Age is a tyrant, who forbids, at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of
youth.  -- La Rochefoucauld

Age sits with decent grace upon his visage, and worthily becomes his silver
locks; he bears the marks of many years well spent, of virtue truth well
tried, and wise experience.  -- Rowe

Ah!  the youngest heart has the same waves within it as the oldest; but without
the plummet which can measure the depths.  -- Richter

Ah! curst ambition! to thy lures we owe,
All the great ills that mortals bear below.  -- Teckell

Airy ambition, soaring high.  -- Sheffield

Alas! while the body stands so broad and brawny, must the soul lie blinded,
dwarfed, stupefied, almost annihilated?  Alas! this was, too, a breath of God,
bestowed in heaven, but on earth never to be unfolded!  -- Carlyle

Alas, reason is not effective against faith, or against searches for
miracles by the desperate.  -- Dr. Michael B. Shimkin

Alexander Hamilton started the U. S. Treasury with nothing--and that was the
closest our country has ever been to being even.  -- Will Rogers

Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.

All American cars are basically Chevrolets.  -- Herb Caen

All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely than
others.  -- Alan Truscott

All buses heading in the opposite direction drive off the face of the earth and
never return.  -- John Corcoran

All cats are NOT gray after midnight.  Endless variety ...

All ceremonies are, in themselves, very silly things; but yet a man of the
world should know them.  They are the outworks of manners and decency, which
would be too often broken in upon, if it were not for that defence, which
keeps the enemy at a proper distance.  It is for this reason that I always
treat fools with great ceremony:  true good breeding not being a sufficient
barrier against them.  -- Chesterfield

All committee reports conclude that "it is not prudent to change the policy
[or procedure, or organization, or whatever] at this time."
 -- Thomas L. Martin

All countries hate their immediate neighbors and like the next but one.  (For
example, the Poles hate the Germans, Russians, Czechs, and Lithuanians, and
they like the French, Hungarians, Italians, and Latvians.)
 -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

All courageous animals are carnivorous, and greater courage is to be expected
in a people, such as the English, whose food is strong and hearty, than in
the half starved commonalty of other countries.  -- Sir W. Temple

All files, papers, memos, etc., that you save will never be needed until such
time as they are disposed of, when they will become essential and
indispensable.  -- John Corcoran

All general statements are false.  -- R. H. Grenier

All gods have feet of clay.

All government programs have three things in common:  a beginning, a muddle,
and no end.

All happiness depends on a leisurely breakfast.

All hierarchies contain administrators and managers, and they tend to appear at
alternating levels in the hierarchy.  -- Thomas L. Martin

All interference in human conduct has the potential for causing harm--no matter
how innocuous the procedure.

All is but lip wisdom which wants experience.  -- Sir Philip Sydney

All math classes begin at 8 AM; also, movies on Federal Government.
 -- M. M. Johnston

All men are born naked.  -- Carlos Eduardo Novaes

All men are created unequal.

All men can be lead to believe the lie they want to believe.  -- Italo Bombolini

All men can be reached by flattery, even God can (what, after all, is prayer?).
 -- Italo Bombolini

All men have the right to wait in line.  -- Carlos Eduardo Novaes

All of us who are worth anything, spend our manhood in unlearning the follies,
or expiating the mistakes of our youth.  -- Shelley

All other things being equal, a bald man cannot be elected President of the
United States.  -- Vic Gold

All our actions take
their hues from the complexion of the heart.
As landscapes their variety from light.  -- W. T. Bacon

All philosophy lies in two words, sustain and abstain.  -- Epictetus

All policy interventions in social problems produce the intended effect--If the
research is carried out by those implementing the policy or their friends.
 -- James Q. Wilson

All progress is based on a universal innate desire on the part of every
organism to live beyond its income.  -- Samuel Butler

All real programs contain errors until proved otherwise, which is impossible.
 -- Tom Gibb

All right, go lie upon the beach,
To bake beyond the water's reach;
But if you're blistered when you quit,
Remember that you basked for it.  -- Anthony B. Lake

All roads lead to Rome.

All roads lead to Trantor, and Trantor is where all stars end.

All science is concerned with the relationship of cause and effect.  Each
scientific discovery increases man's ability to predict the consequences of
his actions and thus his ability to control future events.
 -- Laurence J. Peter

All snakes who wish to remain in Ireland will please raise their right hands.
 -- Saint Patrick

All students who obtain a B will feel cheated out of an A.  -- M. M. Johnston

All technology expands the space, contracts the time, and destroys the working
group.  -- Eugen Rosenstock-Huessy

All that glisters is not gold. // Gilded tombs do worms enfold.  -- Shakespeare

All that time is lost which might be better employed.  -- Rousseau

All that was new in them was false and what was true was old.
 -- Opinion of Darwin's findings.

All the lights are frozen;
 The cursor blinks blandly.
Soon, I shall see the dump.

All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most
ridiculous ones.  -- La Rochefoucauld

All the taxes paid over a lifetime by the average American are spent by the
government in less than a second.  -- Jim Fiebig

All the things I really like to do are either immoral, illegal or fattening.
 -- Alexander Woollcott

All the troubles of man come from his not knowing how to sit still.  -- Pascal

All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.

All the world's a stage.  -- Shakespeare

All they [zoos] actually offer to the public in return for the taxes
spent upon them is a form of idle and witless amusement, compared
to which a visit to a penitentiary, or even to a State legislature
in session, is informing, stimulating and ennobling.  -- H. L. Mencken

All things are subject to fixed laws.  -- Marcus Manilius

All things being equal, all things are never equal.  -- Marshall L. Smith

All things whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye even so to
them.  -- Matthew VII, 12

All those things which are now held to be of the greatest antiquity, were at
one time new; and what we today hold up by example, will rank hereafter as
precedent.  -- Tacitus

All those who are opposed to the plan I am about to propose will reply by
saying "I resign."

All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers ... Each one owes
infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in which
he was born.  -- Francois Fenelon

All who have meditated on the art of governing mankind have been convinced
that the fate of empires depends on the education of youth.  -- Aristotle

All you need to grow fine vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk.

Allow no man to be so free with you as to praise you to your face.  Your
vanity by this means will want its food.  At the same time your passion for
esteem will be more fully gratified; men will praise you in their actions:
where you now receive one compliment, you will then receive twenty civilities.
 -- Steele

Almost all absurdity of conduct arises from the imitation of those who we
cannot resemble.  -- Samuel Johnson

Almost anything is easier to get into than out of.  -- Agnes Allen

Alternate rest and labor long endure.  -- Ovid

Although men flatter themselves with their great actions, they are not so often
the result of a great design as of chance.  -- La Rochefoucauld

Always distrust offices not under your jurisdiction which say that they are
there to serve you.  "Support" offices in a bureaucracy tend to grow in size
and make demands on you out of proportion to their service, and in the end
require more effort on your part than their service is worth.
 -- Douglas Evelyn

Always give your people the credit that is rightfully theirs.  To do otherwise
is both morally and ethically dishonest.

Always listen to experts. They'll tell you what can't be done, and why.
Then do it.  -- Lazarus Long

Always pray that your opposition be wicked.  In wickedness, there is a strong
strain toward rationality.  Therefore, there is always the possibility, in
theory, of handling the wicked by outthinking them.  -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

Always rise from the table with an appetite, and you will never sit down
without one.  -- William Penn

Always run a yellow light.

Always sort the small file first.  -- Dick Munroe

Always stay in with the outs.  -- David Halberstan

Always store beer in a dark place.

Always tell her she is beautiful, especially if she is not.

Always tell him he is handsome, especially if he is not.

Always verify your witchcraft.

Ambition is a lust that's never quenched, grows more inflamed, and madder by
enjoyment.  -- Otway

Ambition is an idol, on whose wings
Great minds are carried only to extreme;
To be sublimely great or to be nothing.  -- Southey

Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals.  -- Denham

Ambition usually progresses through the following stages:  to be like Dad
... to be a millionaire ... to make enough to pay the bills ... to hang
on long enough to draw a pension.

Ambition's like a circle on the water, which never ceases to enlarge itself,
'til by broad spreading it disperse to nought.  -- Shakespeare

Ambition, idly vain; revenge and malice swell her train.  -- Penrose

Ambition:  The dropsy'd thirst of empire, wealth or fame.  -- Nugent

Ambition:  The glorious frailty of the noble mind.  -- Hoole

America is the only country left where we teach languages so that no pupil can
speak them.  -- John Erskine

American freedom consists largely in talking nonsense.  -- Ed Howe

Americans are an energetic, ingenious, creative people.  One index to this
fact is that since the establishment of the patent system in 1836, there
have been more than 3-3/4 million patents issued.

Ambidextrous instructors will erase with one hand while writing with the other.
 -- M. M. Johnston

Americans have always attached particular value to the word "neighbor."  While
the spirit of neighborliness was important on the frontier because neighbors
were so few, it is even more important now because our neighbors are so many.
 -- Lady Bird Johnson

Among the damned, you are the chosen one.

Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.

Among twenty snowy mountains the only moving thing was the eye of the black
bird.

Amusements to virtue are like breezes of air to the flame--gentle ones will fan
it, but strong ones will put it out.  -- David Thomas

An A is easily obtained if a student calls his instructor "Professor."
 -- M. M. Johnston

An able man shows his spirit by gentle words and resolute actions; he is neither
hot nor timid.  -- Chesterfield

An apology for the devil: it must be remembered that we have heard only
one side of the case. God has written all the books.

An atheist is but a mad ridiculous derider of piety; but a hypocrite makes a
sober jest of God and religion; he finds it easier to be upon his knees than
to rise to a good action.  -- Alexander Pope

An economist is a man who would marry Farrah Fawcett for her money.
 -- Edgar R. Fiedler

An egg without salt is like a kiss from a beardless man.

An elephant: a mouse built to government specifications.

An empty bag cannot win in New York.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

An era can be said to end when its basic illusions are exhausted.
 -- Arthur Miller

An error that can creep into a calculation, will.  Also, it will always be in
the direction that will cause the most damage to the calculation.
 -- M. M. Johnston

An evil at its birth, is easily crushed, but it grows and strengthens by
endurance.  -- Cicero

An exception TESTS a rule; it NEVER proves it.  -- Edmund C. Berkeley

An excuse is worse and more terrible than a lie; for an excuse is a lie
guarded.  -- Alexander Pope

An executive will always return to work from lunch early if no one takes him.

An experiment is reproducible until another laboratory tries to repeat it.
 -- Dr. Alexander Kohn

An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the
grand fallacy.  -- Gerald Weinberg

An expert is someone who can take something you already knew and make it sound
confusing.

An extraordinary haste to discharge an obligation is a sort of ingratitude.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

An eye like Mars, to threaten and command.  -- Shakespeare

An honest God is the noblest work of man.

An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.

An idea, like a ghost (according to the common notion of a ghost) must be
spoken to a little before it will explain itself.  -- Charles Dickens

An incompetent traitor is no danger.  It is rather the capable men who must be
watched.  -- Brodrig

An inexorable upward movement leads administrators to higher salaries and
narrower spans of control.  -- David Riesman

An invisible car came out of nowhere, struck my vehicle and vanished.

An oath is a recognizance to heaven, binding us over in the courts above, to
plead to the indictment of our crimes, that those who 'scape this world should
suffer there.  -- Sothern

An object at rest will always be in the wrong place.  -- David Gerrold

An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong direction.
 -- David Gerrold

An object will fall so as to do the most damage.

An obstinate man does not hold opinions, but they hold him.  -- Alexander Pope

An old car that served you so well will continue to serve you until you have
just put four new tires under it and then will fall apart.  -- Erma Bombeck

An optimist is a person who goes to the window every morning and says,
"Good morning, God!"  The pessimist goes to the window every morning
and says, "Good God, morning!"

An optimist proclaims that this is the best of all possible worlds, and a
pessimist fears that it is true.

An order that can be misunderstood will be misunderstood.

An original idea can never emerge from a committee in the original.
 -- Charles P. Boyle

An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.

An ugly carpet will last forever.  -- Erma Bombeck

An unexpectedly easy-to-handle sequence of events will be immediately followed
by an equally long sequence of trouble.  -- Charles Phelps

And he gave it as his opinion, that whoever could make two ears of corn, or
two blades of grass, to grow upon a spot of ground where only one grew before,
would deserve better of mankind, and do more essential service to his country,
than the whole race of politicians put together.  -- Jonathon Swift

And here I stand; judge, my masters.  -- Shakespeare

And here, poor fool, with all my lore
I stand no wiser than before.  -- Johann W. von Goethe

And now abideth faith, hope and charity, these three; but the greatest of these
is charity.  -- I Corinthians

And oftentimes, excusing of a fault,
Doth make a fault the worse by the excuse;
As patches set upon a little breach,
Discredit more in hiding of the fault,
Than did the fault before it was so patch'd.  -- Shakespeare

And science, we should insist, better than any other discipline, can hold up
to its students and followers an ideal of patient devotion to the search for
objective truth, with vision unclouded by personal or political motive.
 -- Sir Henry Hallett Dalt

And though all cry down self, none means his ownself in a literal sense.
 -- Butler

And thus the whirligig of time brings in his revenges.  -- Shakespeare

And virtue is her own reward.  -- Prior

And what doth the Lord require of thee, but to do justly, and to love
mercy, and to walk humbly with thy God?

And what is fame, that flutt'ring noisy sound,
But the cold lie of universal vogue?  -- H. Smith

And where two raging fires meet together, they do consume the thing  that feeds
their fury.  -- Shakespeare

Andrew's Canoeing Postulate:  No matter which direction you start, it's
always against the wind coming back.

Energy-State:  Any state or condition of the Universe, or any portion of it,
which requires the expenditure of human effort or ingenuity to bring it into
line with human desires, needs, or pleasures.  -- Dr. John Gall

Anger is blood, pour'd and perplexed into a froth.  -- Davenant

Anthony's Law of Force:  Don't force it.  Get a larger hammer.

Anthony's Law of the Workshop:  Any tool, when dropped, will roll into the
least accessible corner of the  workshop.  Corollary:  On the way to the
corner, any dropped tool will first always strike your toes.

Anticipated events never live up to expectations.  -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

Anticipation of problems is half the battle.  And the only way to
anticipate is to think.

Ants would starve in your house if ants would come into it.

Any argument worth making within the bureaucracy must be capable of being
expressed in a single declarative sentence that is obviously true once stated.
 -- John McNaughton

Any bus that can be the wrong bus will be the wrong bus.  All others are out
of service or full.  -- John Corcoran

Any college that would take your son he should be too proud to go to.
 -- Erma Bombeck

Any discovery is more likely to be exploited by the wicked than applied by the
virtuous.  -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

Any dramatic series the producers want us to take seriously as a representation
of contemporary reality cannot be taken seriously as a representation of
anything--except a show to be ignored by anyone capable of sitting upright in
a chair and chewing gum simultaneously.  -- Richard Schickel

Any father who thinks he's all important should remind himself that this
country honors fathers only one day a year while pickles get a whole week.

Any fool can make a rule, and every fool will mind it.  -- Henry David Thoreau

Any given program costs more and takes longer.

Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.

Any given program, when running, is obsolete.

Any government will work if authority and responsibility are equal and
coordinate. This does not insure "good" government; it simply insures that it
will work. But such governments are rare--most people want to run things
but want no part of the blame. This used to be called the "backseat-driver
syndrome."  -- Lazarus Long

Any great truth can--and eventually will--be expressed as a cliche--a cliche is
a sure and certain way to dilute an idea.  For instance, my grandmother used
to say, "The black cat is always the last one off the fence."  I have no idea
what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly true.  -- Solomon Short

Any improbable event which would create maximum confusion if it did occur,
will occur.  -- H. S. Kindler

Any inanimate object, regardless of its composition or configuration, may be
expected to perform at any time in a totally unexpected manner for reasons
that are either totally obscure or completely mysterious.  -- Dr. Fyodor Flap

Any jackass can kick down a barn, but it takes a good carpenter to build one.
 -- Sam Rayburn

Any large system is going to be operating most of the time in failure mode.
 -- Dr. John Gall

Any man can prove he has good judgement by saying you have.

Any man that can write, may answer a letter.  -- Shakespeare

Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.  -- Leo Rosten

Any man who hates dogs and loves whiskey can't be all bad.  -- W. C. Fields

Any mind that is capable of a real sorrow is capable of good.

Any one can be great with money.  With money, greatness is not a talent but an
obligation.  The trick is to be great without money.  -- Italo Bombolini

Any philosophy that can be put in a nutshell belongs there.  -- Sydney J. Harris

Any pitcher who throws at a batter and deliberately tries to hit him is a
Communist.  -- Alvin Dark

Any plumbing pipes you choose to replace during renovation will prove to be in
excellent condition; those you decide to leave in place will be rotten.
 -- Lew Phelps

Any priest or shaman must be presumed guilty until proved innocent.
 -- Lazarus Long

Any race that doesn't use all its potential will always stop short of its
possibilities.  -- Jose Torres

Any renovation project on an old house will cost twice as much and take three
times as long as originally estimated.  -- Lew Phelps

Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.

Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to
exactly the point of most pressure.  -- Milt Barber

Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.  -- Tom Gibb

Any theory can be made to fit any facts by means of appropriate additional
assumptions.  -- Robert E. Schenk

Any time you wish to demonstrate something, the number of faults is
proportional to the number of viewers.

Any tool dropped while repairing an automobile will roll under the car to the
vehicle's exact geographic center.

Any vacuum cleaner would sooner take the nap off a rug than remove white
threads from a dark rug.

Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.  -- George Ade

Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it. No citizen has
a moral obligation to assist in maintaining the government.

Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years organizing
and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office.  -- David Broder

Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he is supposed to
be doing at the moment.  -- Robert Benchley

Anyone can make an omelet with eggs.  The trick is to make one with none.

Anyone can suck a toothpick!!

Anyone entrusted with power will abuse it if not also animated with the love of
truth and virtue, no matter whether he be a prince, or one of the people.
 -- Jean de la Fontaine

Anyone nit-picking enough to write a letter of correction to an editor
doubtless deserves the error that provoked it.  -- Alvin Toffler

Anyone who does not look out for number one first, last, and always is a sucker.

Anyone who has begun to think places some portion of the world in jeopardy.

Anyone who says he isn't going to resign, four times, definitely will.
 -- John Kenneth Galbraith

Anyone who uses the phrase "easy as taking candy from a baby" has never tried
taking candy from a baby.  -- Robin Hood

Anything free is worth what you pay for it.

Anything hit with a big enough hammer will fall apart.  -- Robert A. Jackson

Anything is possible, but nothing is easy.  -- Bill Gray

Anything left over today will be needed tomorrow to pay an unexpected bill.
 -- Betty Canary

Anything scarce is valuable; praise for example!

Anything that begins well ends badly.  Anything that begins badly ends worse.

Anything that satisfies its external specifications, no matter how
inefficient it is, is a success; don't argue with it.

Anything worth doing is worth doing poorly. You can do better the next time.

Anything you can do I can do better; anything I can do YOU can do
better; anything I can do I can do better; anything IBM does will
cost more money.

Anything, no matter how bad, will sound good if played back at at very high
level for a short time.  -- John Culshaw

Apathy can only be overcome by enthusiasm, and enthusiasm can only be aroused by
two things; first, an ideal which takes the imagination by storm, and second,
a definite plan for carrying that ideal into practice.  -- Arnold Toynbee

Aphorism: a concise, clever statement.
Afterism: a concise, clever statement you don't think of until too late.
 -- James Alexander Thom

Appearances are all, my son. Appearances are all.

Appearances deceive and this one maxim is a standing rule:  Men are not what
they seem.  -- Harvard

Applause is the spur of noble minds, the end and aim of weak ones.  -- Colton

Arbitrary Systems: Systems about which nothing general can be said, save
"nothing general can be said."

Architecture is the printing press of all ages, and gives a history of the
state in which it was conducted.  -- Lady Morgan

Architecture:  Whatever we choose to implement.  -- FMS Project Leader

Are you a man or a mouse?  Come on, squeak up!

Arguments seem futile to me, for behind every argument I have ever heard lies
the astounding ignorance of someone.  -- Justice Louis D. Brandeis

Arithmetical proofs of theorems that do not have arithmetical bases prove
nothing.  -- G. O. Ashley

Army Law:  If it moves, salute it;  if it doesn't move, pick it up; and if
you can't pick it up, paint it.

Art is I; science is we.  -- Claude Bernard

As I approached the intersection a stop sign suddenly appeared in a place
where no stop sign has ever appeared before. I was unable to stop in time
to avoid the accident.

As a little silvery circular ripple, set in motion by the falling pebble,
expands from its inch of radius to the whole compass of a pool, so there is
not a child--not an infant Moses--placed, however softly, in his bulrush ark
upon the sea of time, whose existence does not stir a ripple, gyrating outward
and on, until it shall have moved across and spanned the whole ocean of God's
eternity, stirring even the river of life, and the fountains at which the
angels drink.  -- Elihu Burritt

As a man may be eating all day, and for want of digestion is never nourished,
so these endless readers may cram themselves in vain with intellectual food.
 -- Dr. I. Watts

As a man of more than average caution, I have never felt absolutely secure
until Evans and Novak have spoken.  -- John Kenneth Galbraith

As ceremony is the invention of wise men to keep fools at a distance, so good
breeding is an expedient to make fools and wise men equal.  -- Steele

As charity covers a multitude of sins before God, so does politeness before
men.  -- Chesterfield

As empty vessels make the loudest sound, so they that have the least wit are
the greatest blabbers.  -- Plato

As every thread of gold is valuable, so is every minute of time.  -- Mason

As fresh as morning dew distill'd on flowers.  -- Shakespeare

As good almost kill a man, as kill a good book;  who kills a man, kills a
reasonable creature, God's image; but he who destroys a good book, kills
reason itself.  -- Milton

As long as mankind shall continue to bestow more liberal applause on their
destroyers than on their benefactors, the thirst of military glory will ever
be the vice of the most exalted characters.  -- Edward Gibbon

As long as men are free to ask what they must--free to say what they think--
free to think what they will--freedom can never be lost and science can
never regress.  -- J. Robert Oppenheimer

As riches and favor forsake a man, we discover him to be a fool, but nobody
could find it out in his prosperity.  -- La Bruyere

As soon as you mention something, if it's good, it goes away ... if it's bad,
it happens.

As the dimensions of the tree are not always regulated by the size of the seed,
so the consequences of things are not always proportionate to the apparent
magnitude of those events that have produced them.  -- Colton

As the economy gets better, everything else gets worse.  -- Art Buchwald

As the language of the face is universal, so 'tis very comprehensive; no
laconism can reach it:  'tis the short hand of the mind, and crowds a great
deal in a little room.  -- Jeremy Collier

As the sword of the best-tempered metal is the most flexible; so the truly
generous are most pliant and courteous in their behavior to their inferiors.
 -- Fuller

As to the idea that advertising motivates people, remember the Edsel.

As with liberty, the price of leanness is eternal vigilance.  -- Gene Brown

As you are old and reverend, you should be wise.  -- Shakespeare

As you are, so shall you wish. As you wish, so shall it be.

Ask five economists and you'll get five different explanations (six if one
went to Harvard).  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve.  Run with
decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened.  Keep the
company of bums and you will become a bum.  Hang around with rich people and
you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.  -- Stanley Walker

Astrology Law:  It's always the wrong time of the month.  -- Rozanne Weissman

At a bargain sale, the only suit or dress that you like best and that fits is
the one not on sale.

At any given moment, a society contains a certain amount of accumulated and
accruing aggressiveness.  If more than twenty-one years elapse without this
aggressiveness being directed outward, in a popular war against other
countries, it turns inward, in social unrest, civil disturbances, and
political disruption.  -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

At any level of traffic, any delay is intolerable.  -- Barry Bruce-Briggs

At any one time, thousands of borough councilmen, school board members,
attorneys, and businessmen--as well as congressmen, senators, and governors
--are all dreaming of the White House, but few, if any of them, will make it.
 -- Mark B. Cohen

At any public relations luncheon, the quality of the food is inversely related
to the quality of the information.  -- Earl Ubell

At every trifle scorn to take offence,
That always shews great pride or little sense.  -- Alexander Pope

At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his thumb
with a hammer.  -- Marshall Lumsden

At some point, every faculty would certainly lynch its dean--if it could
only agree on a date.

At some time in the life cycle of virtually every organization, its ability to
succeed in spite of itself runs out.  -- Richard H. Brien

At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find
at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.
 -- Tom Gibb

At the working-man's house hunger looks in, but dares not enter! nor will the
bailiff or the constable enter; for industry pays debts, but despair
increaseth them.  -- Benjamin Franklin

At twenty years of age the will reigns; at thirty, the wit; and at forty, the
judgment.  -- Grattan

Atheism is rather in the life than in the heart of man.  -- Bacon

Atheism is the result of ignorance and pride; of strong sense and feeble
reasons; of good eating and ill-living.  It is the plague of society, the
corrupter of manners, and the underminer of property.  -- Jeremy Collier

Atoms are made up of electrons and protons (protons are also nothing).  Fifty
billion electrons placed side by side in a straight line would stretch across
the period at the end of this sentence.  Protons are heavier but take up less
space.  Such an idea is incapable of being absorbed by the human mind.
 -- John Lardner and Thomas Sugrue

Attention to detail is the watchword for gleaning information from an
unsuspecting witness.  -- Inspector Cleuseau

Auditors always reject a newsman's expense account with a bottom line divisible
by 5 or 10.

Auditors are the people who go in after the war is lost and bayonet the wounded.

Authoritarian socialism has failed almost everywhere, but you will find not a
single Marxist who will say it has failed because it was wrong or impractical.
He will say is has failed because nobody went far enough with it. So failure
never proves that a myth is wrong.  -- Jean-Francois Revel

Authority intoxicates,
And makes mere sots of magistrates.
The fumes of it invade the brain,
And make men giddy, proud and vain;
By this the fool commands the wise
The noble with the base complies.
The sot assumes the rule of wit,
And cowards make the base submit.  -- Butler

Authority tends to assign jobs to those least able to do them.
 -- Richard C. Cornuelle

Authors (and perhaps columnists) eventually rise to the top of whatever depths
they were once able to plumb.  -- Stanley Kaufman

Availability of manuscripts in a given subject area is inversely proportional
to the need for books in that area.

Avarice is always poor, but poor by her own fault.  -- Johnson

Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.

Avoid fried foods which angry up the blood.  -- Satchel Paige

Avoid making irrevocable decisions while tired or hungry (nota bene:
Circumstances can force your hand. So think ahead!)  -- Lazarus Long

Avoid running at all times.  -- Satchel Paige

Avoid strong drink. It makes you shoot at IRS agents--and miss.  -- Lazarus Long

BREAKTHROUGH: we finally figured out a way to sell it.

Ba doom.  -- Bob Dickson

Baby's heads have no hair,
Old men's heads are just as bare;
Between the cradle and the grave,
Lies a haircut and a shave.

Back to a simpler time of skins and stones!
When things go wrong--the answers in the stars
Or evil spells or reading chicken bones
Or sacrifices to all gods but Mars.  -- Jack Kirwan

Bad company is like a nail driven into a post, which, after the first or
second blow, may be drawn out with little difficulty; but being once driven up
to the head, the pincers cannot take hold to draw it out, but which can only
be done by the destruction of the wood.  -- Augustine

Bad law is more likely to be supplemented than repealed.  -- Dalin B. Oaks

Bad money drives out good.  -- Sir Thomas Gresham

Bad news does not improve with age.  -- Jody Powell

Bad news drives good news out of the media.  -- Lee Loevinger

Bad news travels fast.

Banish Evil from the world? Nonsense! Encourage it, foster it, sponsor it. The
world owes Evil a debt beyond imagination. Think! Without greed ambition
falters. Without vanity art becomes idle musing. Without cruelty benevolence
lapses to passivity. Superstition has shamed man into self-reliance and,
without stupidity, where would be the savor of superior understanding?
 -- Magnus Ridolf

Bare feet magnetize sharp metal objects so they always point upward from the
floor--especially in the dark.  -- Al Ross

Barr's Hypothesis: Familiarity breeds content.

Bartz's Law of Hokey Horsepuckery:  The more ridiculous a belief system, the
higher the probability of its success.  -- Wayne R. Bartz

Baseball is a skilled game.  It's America's game--it, and high taxes.
 -- Will Rogers

Be a defensive driver.  Buy a Tiger M31.

Be alert!  America needs more lerts.

Be always displeased with what thou art, if thou desirest to attain to what
thou art not; for where thou hast pleased thyself, there thou abidest.  But
if thou have enough thou perishest.  Always add, always walk, always proceed.
Neither stand still, nor go back, nor deviate.  -- Augustine

Be calm in arguing, for fierceness makes error a fault, and truth discourtesy.

Be careful who you step on on the way up;  you never know who you'll pass on
the way down.

Be concise in your writing and talking, especially when giving instructions to
others.

Be courteous.  Have genuine consideration for other people's feelings, wishes
and situations.

Be generous.  Remember that it is the productivity of others that makes
possible your executive position.

Be just and fear not:  Let all the ends thou aim'st at be thy country's, thy
God's, and truth's.  -- Shakespeare

Be like a duck--keep calm and unruffled on the surface but paddle like the
devil under water.

Be neither too early in the fashion, nor too long out of it; nor at any time in
the extremities of it.  -- Lavater

Be not diverted from your duty by any idle reflections the silly world may make
upon you, for their censures are not in your power, and consequently should
not be any part of your concern.  -- Epictetus

Be not the first by whom the new are tried,
Nor yet the last to lay the old aside.  -- Alexander Pope

Be self-reliant and your success is assured.

Be sober and temperate, and you will be happy.  -- Benjamin Franklin

Be sure to obtain meteorological information before leaving on vacation.

Be sure to save your money; you never know when it might be worth something
again.

Be thou familiar, but by no means vulgar.  -- Shakespeare

Be tolerant of those who disagree with you--after all, they have a right to
their ridiculous opinions.

Be very slow to believe that you are wiser than all others; it is a fatal but
common error.  Where one has been saved by a true estimation of another's
weakness, thousands have been destroyed by false appreciation of their own
strength.  -- Charles C. Colton

Be ye angry and sin not; let not the sun go down upon your wrath.  -- Eph. IV,26

Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.

Beauty is as summer fruits, which are easy to corrupt and cannot last; and for
the most part it makes a dissolute youth, and an age a little out of
countenance; but if it light well, it makes virtue shine and vice blush.
 -- Bacon

Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.

Beauty seldom recommends one person to another.

Beauty without virtue is like a flower without perfume.

Beauty's tears are lovelier than her smile.  -- Campbell

Because men believe not in Providence, therefore they do so greedily scrape and
hoard.  They do not believe in any reward for charity, therefore they will
part with nothing.  -- Barrow

Beck's Motto: Functionality; All the Functionality; And nothing but the
Functionality.

Beck's Postulate: Murphy was an optimist.

Bedfellows make strange politicians.

Before a party or a trip, if it can, it will let rip.

Behind every argument is someone's ignorance.

Behind every great man is a great woman.
Behind every great woman is a great behind.  -- anonymous male chauvinist

Behold how great a matter a little fire kindleth.  -- James III, 5

Being frustrated is disagreeable, but the real disasters in life begin when you
get what you want.  -- Irving Kristol

Being generous is inborn; being altruistic is a learned perversity. No
resemblance ...  -- Lazarus Long

Being in politics is like being a football coach.  You have to be smart enough
to understand the game and dumb enough to think it's important.
 -- Eugene McCarthy

Believe not much them that seem to despise riches; for they despise them that
despair of them; and none are worse when they come to them.  Be not
penny-wise; riches have wings, and sometimes they fly away of themselves,
sometimes they must be set flying to bring in more.  -- Bacon

Benchley's Distinction:  There may be said to be two classes of people in the
world; those who constantly divide the people of the world into two classes
and those who do not.  -- Robert Benchley

Benchley's Travel Distinction:  In America there are two classes of travel:
first class and with children.

Best men are often moulded out of faults.  -- Shakespeare

Bets at the first were fool-traps where the wise
Like spiders lay in ambush for the flies.  -- Dryden

Better Red than dead.  -- Bertrand Russell

Better be alone than in bad company.

Better bend than break.

Better to be despised for too anxious apprehensions, than ruined by too
confident a security.  -- Edmund Burke

Better to die a thousand deaths than wound my honor.  -- Addison

Better to live one day as a lion than 100 years as a lamb.

Better to throw it out--than throw it in.  -- Skinny Mitchell

Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.

Between grief and nothing I will take grief.  -- William Faulkner

Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.  -- Mae West

Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes.  -- Henry David Thoreau

Beware of altruism. It is based on self-deception, the root of all evil.

Beware of desperate steps! -- the darkest day
Live 'til to-morrow, will have passed away.  -- Cowper

Beware of entrance to a quarrel; but being in, bear it that the opposer may
beware of thee.  -- Shakespeare

Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.

Beware of little expenses; a small leak will sink a great ship.
 -- Benjamin Franklin

Beware of people who fall at your feet.  They may be reaching for the corner
of the rug.

Beware the fury of a patient man.  -- Dryden

Beware the man who makes cream with his mouth; he winds up making butter with
his nose.  -- Babbaluche the cobbler

Bicycle Law:  All bicycles weigh 50 pounds:
A 30-pound bicycle needs a 20-pound lock and chain.
A 40-pound bicycle needs a 10-pound lock and chain.
A 50-pound bicycle needs no lock and chain.

Bid, then, the tender light of faith to shine
By which alone the mortal heart is led
Unto the thinking of the thought divine.  -- George Santayana

Big people are those who make us feel bigger when we are with them.

Biochemistry expands so as to fill the space and time available for its
completion and publication.  -- R. T. Hersh

Bismark's Law:  The less people know about how sausages and laws are made,
the better they'll sleep at night.

Blessed are the peace makers, for they shall be called the children of God.
 -- Matthew V, 9

Blessed are the young for they shall inherit the national debt.

Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
 -- W. C. Bennett

Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall not be disappointed.
 -- Gene Franklin

Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it, for he
shall enjoy living.  -- W. C. Bennett

Bordeaux makes you think of mischief;
Burgundy makes you tease;
Champagne makes you.

Boren's Laws of Bureaucracy:
1.  When in doubt, mumble.
2.  When in trouble, delegate.
3.  When in charge, ponder.  -- James H. Boren

Boss to employer:  No, Baxter, you're not being replaced by a computer--only a
silicon chip.  -- Eli Stein

Boston State House is the hub of the Solar System.  You couldn't pry that out
of a Boston man if you had the tire of all creation straightened out for a
crowbar.  -- O. W. Holmes

Bow to no patron's insolence; rely
On no frail hopes, in freedom live and die.  -- Seneca

Bowler's dinner--spare ribs  -- Raymond D. Love

Brave spirits are a balsam to themselves; there is a nobleness of mind that
heals wounds beyond salves.  -- Cartwright

Bravery is being the only one who knows you're afraid.  -- Franklin P. Jones

Brevity and superficiality are often concomitants.  -- Amrom Katz

Broken Mirror Law:  Everyone breaks more than the seven-year bad luck allotment
to cover rotten luck throughout an entire lifetime.  -- Rozanne Weissman

Brontosaurus Principle:  Organizations can grow faster than their brains can
manage them in relation to their environment and to their own physiology:
when this occurs, they are an endangered species.  -- Thomas K. Connellan

Brooks Atkinson described a Shubert play as "beautiful, if you are deaf and
dumb."

Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it.
 -- Christopher J. Shaw

Bureaucratic Cop-Out Number 1:  You should have seen it when I got it!
 -- Marshall L. Smith

Burn's Hog Weighing Method:
1.  Get a perfectly symmetrical plank and balance it across a sawhorse.
2.  Put the hog on one end of the plank.
3.  Pile rocks on the other end until the plank is again perfectly balanced.
4.  Carefully guess the weight of the rocks.  -- Robert Burns

Bus schedules are arranged so your bus will arrive at the transfer point
precisely one minute after the connecting bus has left.  -- John Corcoran

But I have seen the science I worshipped and the airplane I loved destroying
the civilization I expected them to serve.  -- Charles A. Lindbergh, Jr.

But an old age serene and bright,
And lovely as a Lapland night,
Shall lead thee to thy grave.  -- Wordsworth

But if a man happens to find himself ... he has a mansion which he can inhabit
with dignity all the days of his life.

But love is blind and lovers cannot see
The pretty follies that themselves commit.  -- Shakespeare

But then her face,
So lovely, yet so arch, so full
of mirth,
The overflowings of an innocent heart.  -- Rogers

By a careful cultural design, we control not the final behavior, but the
inclination to behave--the motives, the desires, the wishes ... we increase
the feeling of freedom.  -- B. F. Skinner

By definition, when you are investigating the unknown, you do not know what you
will find.

By establishing real money, men rule out its debasement.  -- Lewis E. Lehrman

By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.

By following the good, you learn to be good.

By gnawing through a dyke even a rat may drown a nation.  -- Edward Burke

By heaven we understand a state of happiness infinite in degree, and endless in
duration.  -- Benjamin Franklin

By night an atheist half believes a God.  -- Edward Young

By preserving over all obstacles and distractions, one may unfailingly arrive
at his chosen goal or destination.  -- Christopher Columbus

By the data to date, there is only one animal in the Galaxy dangerous to man
--man himself. So he must supply his own indispensable competition. He has
no enemy to help him.  -- Lazarus Long

By the pricking of my thumbs,
Something wicked this way comes.  -- Shakespeare

By the time a person gets to greener pastures, he can't climb the fence.

By the time a social science theory is formulated in such a way that it can be
tested, changing circumstances have already made it obsolete.
 -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

By the year 1984 the entire world may be run by computers.
Digital Equipment Corporation will still be run by people.

By work you get money, by talk you get knowledge.  -- Haliburton

Caesar had his Brutus--Charles the First, his Cromwell--and George the Third
("Treason!" cried the Speaker)--may profit by their example.  If this be
treason, make the most of it.  -- Patrick Henry

Call him wise whose actions, words and steps are all a clear "because" to a
clear "why."  -- Lavater

Calmness is great advantage; he that lets another chafe may warm him at his
fire, mark all his wand'rings and enjoy his frets, as cunning fencers suffer
heat to tire.  -- Herbert

Cameras are so simple to operate now that taking pictures is much easier than
getting friends to look at them.  -- Hugh Allen

Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two points.
 -- M. M. Johnston

Can there be a republic that does not slump under the weight of so much human
desire?  -- Michael Scully

Canada's climate is nine months winter and three months late in fall.

Cant produces countercant.  -- Arthur Herzog

Capital Punishment: The income tax.

Capital as such is not evil; it is its wrong use that is evil.
 -- Mohandas Gandhi

Capitalism ... is outrageously unjust; it requires a continuing maldistribution
of wealth in order to exist ... We live in the twilight of an epoch ... I am
absolutely convinced that we are moving toward some kind of planned economy.
 -- Micheal Harrington

Capitalism can exist in one of only two states:  welfare or warfare.
 -- Bill Gray

Capitalism did not arise because capitalists stole the land ... but because
it was more efficient than feudalism.  It will perish because it is not merely
less efficient than socialism, but actually self-destructive.
 -- J. B. S. Haldane

Capitalism in the United States has undergone profound modification, not just
under the New Deal, but through a consensus that continued to grow after the
New Deal ... Government in the U. S. today is a senior partner in every
business in the country.  -- Norman Cousins

Care keeps his watch in every old man's eye.  -- Shakespeare

Care to our coffin adds a nail, no doubt;
And ev'ry grin so merry, draws one out.  -- Dr. Wolcott

Careful planning is the key to safe and swift travel.  -- Ulysses

Celibacy is not hereditary.  -- Guy Godin

Certain things shouldn't be moved.  -- Murray Teigh Bloom

Certainly the game is rigged. Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you
can't win.  -- Lazarus Long

Champagne is the only wine a woman can drink and still remain beautiful.
 -- Mme. de Pompadour

Changing things is central to leadership, and changing them before anyone
else is creativeness.  -- Antony Jay

Character is a perfectly educated will.  -- Novalis

Character is destiny.  -- Heraclitus

Charity begins at home.

Charity suffereth long, and is kind; charity envieth not; charity vaunteth not
itself, is not puffed up, doth not behave itself unseemly, seeketh not her
own, is not easily provoked, thinketh no evil; rejoiceth not in iniquity but
rejoiceth in truth; beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all
things, endureth all things.  -- I Corinthians

Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.

Check the answer you have worked out once more--before you tell it to
anybody.  -- Edmund C. Berkeley

Cheop's Law: Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.

Chicago Tribune headline:  THE FAME OF PLAINS IS MAINLY ON THE WANE.

Chide a friend in private and praise him in public.  -- Solon

Children are unpredictable.  You never know what inconsistency they're going
to catch you in next.  -- Franklin P. Jones

Children have more energy after a hard day of play than they do after a good
night's sleep.  -- Dr. R. F. Gumperson

Chill penury weighs down the heart, itself; and though it sometimes be endured
with calmness, it is but the calmness of despair.  -- Mrs. Jameson

Choose such pleasures as recreate much, and cost little.  -- Fuller

Choose the company of your superiors whenever you can have it; that is the
right and true pride.  -- Lord Chesterfield

Christ believed in hell.  I do not myself feel that any person who is really
profoundly humane can believe in everlasting punishment.  -- Bertrand Russell

Cicero's style bores me.  When I have spent an hour reading him ... and try
to recollect what I have extracted, I usually find it nothing but wind.
 -- Michel de Montaigne

Circular Definition:  see Circular Definition.

Circumstances can force a generalized incompetent to become competent, at
least in a specialized field.  -- Frank R. Freemon

Civilization advances by extending the number of important operations which we
can perform without thinking of them.

Clarke's Law:  Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from
magic.

Classified material is considered lost when it cannot be found.

Clearly stated instructions will consistently produce multiple
interpretations.  -- Charles P. Boyle

Clearly, then, the city is not a concrete jungle, it is a human zoo.
 -- Desmond Morris

Climate is what we expect, weather is what we get.

Cole's Law: Thinly sliced cabbage.

Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery.

Colors fade, temples crumble, empires fall, but wise words endure.
 -- Thorndike

Colson's Law: If you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will
follow.

Coming home, I drove into the wrong house and collided with a tree I don't have.

Comitas comitatum, omnia comitas.  -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

Commend a fool for his wit, or a knave for his honesty, and they will receive
you into their bosom.  -- Fielding

Committee Rules:
(1) Never arrive on time, or you will be stamped a beginner.
(2) Don't say anything until the meeting is half over; this stamps you as
    being wise.
(3) Be as vague as possible; this prevents irritating the others.
(4) When in doubt, suggest that a subcommittee be appointed.
(5) Be the first to move for adjournment; this will make you popular--it's
    what everyone is waiting for.  -- Harry Chapman

Committee reports dealing with wages, salaries, fringe benefits, facilities,
computers, employee parking, libraries, coffee breaks, secretarial support,
etc., always call for dramatic expenditure increases.  -- Thomas L. Martin

Committee--a group of men who individually can do nothing but as a group
decide that nothing can be done.  -- Fred Allen

Committee--a group of men who keep minutes and waste hours.  -- Milton Berle

Committee--a group of the unfit, appointed by the unwilling, to do the
unnecessary.  -- Stewart Harrol

Committees have become so important nowadays that subcommittees have to be
appointed to do the work.

Common and vulgar people ascribe all ill that they feel to others; people of
little wisdom ascribe to themselves; people of much wisdom, to no one.
 -- Epictetus

Common sense in an uncommon degree is what the world calls wisdom.
 -- Samuel Taylor Coleridge

Commonly, physicians, like beer, are best when they are old, and lawyers, like
bread, when they are young and new.  -- Fuller

Compared to what we ought to be, we are only half awake.  We are making use
of only a small part of our physical and mental resources.  -- William James

Compared with everything else in data processing, paper is cheap; use it. But
the value of a report decreases as the number of its pages increases.

Complete abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.  -- St. Augustine

Complete adaptation to environment means death.  The essential point in all
response is the desire to control [the] environment.  -- John Dewey

Compliments of congratulations are always kindly taken, and cost nothing but
pen, ink, and paper.  I consider them as draughts upon good breeding, where
the exchange is always greatly in favor of the drawer.  -- Chesterfield

Computer-based management information systems will cure most review and control
problems.  -- Richard F. Moore

Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.  -- Tom Gibb

Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in the world
that just don't add up.

Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more than the
estimate the job will cost.

Computing power increases as the square of the cost.  If you want to do it
twice as cheaply, you have to do it four times as slowly.  -- Herb Grosch

Conceit in weakest bodies strongest works.  -- Shakespeare

Conceit is to nature what paint is to beauty; it is not only needless, but
impairs what it would improve.  -- Pope

Concerning the gods, I am not able to know to a certainty whether they exist
or not. For there are many things which prevent one from knowing, especially
the obscurity of the subject, and the shortness of the life of man.

Confront a child, a puppy, and a kitten with a sudden danger; the child will
turn instinctively for more assistance, the puppy will grovel in abject
submission, the kitten will brace its tiny body for a frantic resistance.
 -- H. H. Munro

Confusion (entropy) is always increasing in society.  Only if someone or
something works extremely hard can this confusion be reduced to order in a
limited region.  Nevertheless, this effort will still result in an increase
in the total confusion of society at large.  -- Dr. W. L. Everitt

Conscience has no more to do with gallantry than it has with politics.
 -- Sheridon

Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you
wish you weren't.

Consider the Malevolent Universe Theory: it really IS out to get you!

Consider the postage stamp:  its usefulness consists in the ability to stick
to one thing 'til it gets there.  -- Josh Billings

Consider well what your strength is equal to, and what exceeds your ability.
 -- Horace

Consistency is the product of small minds.  -- Merle P. Martin

Contentment produces in some measure, all those effects which the alchemist
usually ascribes to what he calls the philosopher's stone; and if it does not
bring riches, it does the same thing, by banishing the desire of them.  If it
cannot remove the disquietudes arising from a man's mind, body, or fortune, it
makes him easy under them.  -- Addison

Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.

Corrupt, stupid grasping functionaries will make at least as big a muddle of
socialism as stupid, selfish and aquisitive employers can make of capitalism.
 -- Walter Lippmann

Costly thy habit as thy purse can buy, but not expressed in fancy; rich, not
gaudy; for the apparel oft proclaims the man.  -- Shakespeare

Count the day won when, turning on its axis,
This earth imposes no additional taxes.

Courage consists not in blindly overlooking danger, but in seeing it, and
conquering it.  -- Richter

Courage is a quality so necessary for maintaining virtue that is always
respected, even when it is associated with vice.  -- Samuel Johnson

Courage is grace under pressure.  -- Ernest Hemingway

Courage is the complement of fear. A man who is fearless cannot be courageous.
(He is also a fool.)  -- Lazarus Long

Courage is walking naked through a cannibal village.  -- Leonard Louis Levinson

Courage is your greatest present need.

Courses of action which run only to be justified in terms of practicality
ultimately prove destructive and impractical.  -- Mark B. Cohen

Courtship consists of a number of quiet attentions, not so pointed as to
alarm, nor so vague as not to be understood.  -- Sterne

Coward, n. one who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
 -- Ambrose Bierce

Coward: A man in whom the instinct of self-preservation acts normally.
 -- Sultana Zoraya

Cows may come and cows may go, but the bull in this place goes on FOREVER!!!

Crab apples may not be the best kind of fruit;  but a tree which every year
bears a great crop of crab apples is better worth cultivating than a tree
which bears nothing.

Crane's Rule: There are three ways to get something done: do it yourself, hire
someone, or forbid your kids to do it.

Creative intelligence in its various forms and activities is what makes man.
 -- James Harvey Robinson

Creativity varies inversely with the number of cooks involved with the broth.
 -- Bernice Fitz-Gibbon

Creditors have better memories than debtors; and creditors are a superstitious
sect, great observers of set days and times.  -- Benjamin Franklin

Criticism is like champagne, nothing more execrable if bad, nothing more
excellent if good; if meagre, muddy, vapid, and sour, both are fit only to
engender colic and wind;  but if rich, generous and sparkling, they improve
the taste, expand the heart, and are worthy of being introduced at the
symposium of the gods.  -- Colton

Critics are a kind of freebooters in the republic of letters--who, like deer,
goats, and divers other gramniverous animals, gain subsistence by gorging
upon buds and leaves of the young shrubs of the forest, thereby robbing them
of their verdue, and retarding their progress to maturity.
 -- Washington Irving

Croll's Query: If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?

Cultivation to the mind is as necessary as food to the body.  -- Cicero

Cunning and deceit will every time serve a man better than force.
 -- Niccolo Machiavelli

Cunning and treachery are the offspring of incapacity.  -- La Rochefoucauld

Curiosity in the humanities is a free person's humility, and a humble person's
freedom.  -- Joseph Duffy

Curley's Law:  As long as they spell the name right.

Cursed is every-one who places his hope in man.  -- Saint Augustine

Custom does often reason overrule
And only serves for reason to the fool.  -- John Wilmot, Earl of Rochester

Custom is the law of fools.  -- Vanburgh

Custom will often blind one to the good as well as to the evil effects of any
long established system.  -- Bishop Richard Whately

Customs tell a man who he is, where he belongs, what he must do.  Better
illogical customs than none; men cannot live together without them ...
"justice" is a search for workable customs.  -- Dr. Margaret Mader

Cut 'em off at the past!

Cutting the space budget really restores my faith in humanity.  It eliminates
dreams, goals, and ideals and lets us get straight to the business of hate,
debauchery, and self-annihilation.  -- Johnny Hart

Cynic: n. a blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as they
ought to be.  -- Ambrose Bierce

Cynicism is an unpleasant way of saying the truth.  -- Lillian Hellman

Cynicism is disappointed idealism.  -- Harry Kemelman

Cynicism is disillusioned idealism.

Cynicism is humour in ill-health.  -- H. G. Wells

Cynicism--the intellectual cripple's substitute for intelligence.
 -- Russell Lynes

Cynics are right nine times out of ten; what undoes them is their belief that
they are right ten times out of ten.  -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

DEATH: The penultimate commercial transaction finalized by probate.
 -- Bernard Rosenberg

DECEPTION EXPERIMENT: An experiment in which the researcher is pleased to
believe that the true nature of the situation is unknown to the participants.
Typically the only parties deceived are the funding agency and the journal
editor.

DESIGN SIMPLICITY: costs (manufacturer's) cut to the bone.

DIAGNOSTIC: software which runs to completion no matter how broken the
hardware is.

DIPLOMACY: Lying in state.  -- Ambrose Bierce

DIPLOMACY: Patriotic art of lying for one's country.

DIPLOMACY: The art of fishing tranquilly in troubled waters.

DIPLOMACY: The art of jumping into troubled waters without making a splash.

DIRECT SALES ONLY: manufacturer had argument with distributor.

DISTINCTIVE: a different color or shape than our competitors.

DOUBLE-BLIND EXPERIMENT: An experiment in which the chief researcher believes
he is fooling both the subject and the lab assistant. Often accompanied by a
belief in the tooth fairy.

Damnable, both sides rogue.  -- Shakespeare

Damon Runyon's Law: The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the
strong, but that's the way to bet.

Data Potato ... du wop ... du wop !!!

David Merrick, displaying ... his sneaky knack for extending the life of a
production beyond the reasonable expectations of the playwright's mother.
 -- Walter Kerr

Deadlock's Law:  If the lawmakers make a compromise, the place where it will be
felt the most is the taxpayer's pocket.

Dear God, make me a good boy, but it's all right with me if you'd like to take
your time about it.

Death comes to all
But great achievements build a monument
Which shall endure until the sun grows cold.  -- Georg Fabricius

Death is a comingling of eternity with time; in the death of a good man,
eternity is seen looking through time.  -- Goethe

Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside
us while we live.  -- Norman Cousins

Death opens the gate of fame, and shuts the gate of envy after it; it unlooses
the chain of the captive, and puts the bondsman's task into another man's
hand.  -- Sterne

Death tugs at my ear and says: "Live, I am coming."
 -- Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.

Deceit in the conduct of war outweighs valor and is worthy of merit.
 -- Niccolo Machiavelli

Decision is a sharp knife that cuts clean and straight; indecision is a dull
one that hacks and tears and leaves ragged edges behind it.  -- Gordon Graham

Decision of character is one of the most important of human qualities,
philosophically considered.  Speculation, knowledge, is not the chief end of
man; it is action.  -- Burnap

Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really
overwhelming majority of the crowd present.  Abusive and obscene language
may not be used by contestants when addressing members of the judging panel,
or, conversely, by members of the judging panel when addressing contestants
(unless struck by a boomerang).  -- Benjamin Ruhe

Deep in the nature of all these noble races there lurks unmistakably the beast
of prey, the blond beast, lustfully roving in search of booty and victory.
 -- Frederick Nietzsche

Default is more revolutionary than ideals.  -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

Defeated, but not dismayed--crushed to the earth, but not humiliated--he seemed
to grow more haughty beneath disaster, and to experience a fierce satisfaction
in draining the last dregs of bitterness.  -- Washington Irving

Defer not 'til tomorrow to be wise,
Tomorrow's sun to thee may never rise.  -- Congreve

Deine schiff ist ingecommen.

Delusions are often functional. A mother's opinions about her children's
beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad nauseam, keep her from drowning
them at birth.  -- Lazarus Long

Democracy can learn some things from Communism: for example, when a Communist
politician is through, he is through.

Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than we
deserve.  -- George Bernard Shaw

Democracy is a government where you can say what you think even if you don't
think.

Democracy is based on the assumption that a million men are wiser than one
man. How's that again? I missed something.
Autocracy is based on the assumption that one man is wiser than a million
men. Let's play that one over again, too. Who decides?  -- Lazarus Long

Democracy is good. I say this because other systems are worse.
 -- Jawaharlal Nehru

Democracy is not a matter of sentiment, but of foresight.  Any system that
doesn't take the long run into account will burn itself out in the short run.
 -- Charles Yost

Democracy is that form of government where everybody gets what the majority
deserves.  -- James Dale Davidson

Democracy is the worst system devised by the wit of man, except for all the
others.  -- Winston Churchill

Democracy means government by the uneducated, while aristocracy means
government by the badly educated.  -- G. K. Chesterton

Democrats buy most of the books that have been banned somewhere.  Republicans
form censorship committees and read them as a group.

Democrats eat the fish they catch.  Republicans hang them on the wall.

Democrats give their worn-out clothes to those less fortunate.  Republicans
wear theirs.

Democrats keep trying to cut down on their smoking but are not successful.
Neither are Republicans.

Democrats make up plans and then do something else.  Republicans follow the
plans their grandfathers made.

Democrats name their children after currently popular sports figures,
politicians, and entertainers.  Republican children are named after their
parents or grandparents, depending on where the money is.

Depend on no man, on no friend, but him who can depend on himself.  He only
who acts conscientiously towards himself will act so towards others, and
vice versa.  -- Lavater

Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.

Despise not any man, and do not spurn any thing.  For there is no man that hath
not his hour, no is there any thing that hath not its place.  -- Rabbi Ben Azai

Despots govern by terror.  They know that he who fears God fears nothing else;
and, therefore, they eradicate from the mind, through their Voltaire, the
Heloetius, and the rest of that infamous gang, that only sort of fear that
generates true courage.  -- Burke

Detriot made a grand try at persuading the visiting Republicans that the city
is not as crime-ridden as people think.  The campaign was going fine until
somebody stole the governer's Lincoln Mark IV limousine.  -- National Review

Dialogue: opposing factions discussing relevant issues.  Formerly called an
argument.  -- Paul Sweeney

Did the Devil really create the world when God wasn't looking?

Did you ever feel like the whole world was a tuxedo and you were a pair of
white socks?

Did you ever hear
Of the frolic fairies dear?
They're a blessed little race,
Peeping up in fancy's face,
In the valley, on the hill,
By the fountain and the rill;
Laughing out between the leaves
That the loving summer weaves.  -- Mrs. Osgood

Did you hear about the earthquake committee meeting that was adjourned by a
motion from the floor?

Did you hear about the shepherd who drove his sheep through town and was given
a ticket for making a ewe turn?

Did you know that married men live longer than single men?  So, if you want to
die a slow death, get married!!!  -- Dave Maynard

Did your mother have any children that lived?

Difficulty is a severe instructor, set over us by the supreme ordinance of a
parental guardian and legislator, who knows us better than we know ourselves;
and He loves us better too.  He that wrestles with us strengthens our nerves,
and sharpens our skill.  Our antagonist is our helper.  This amicable conflict
with difficulty obliges us to an intimate acquaintance with our object, and
compels us to consider it in all its relations.  It will not suffer us to be
superficial.  -- Burke

Digging oolitic strata,
 Laid in the oligocene,
Geologists are lost for data--
 Fossils, yes! But ...  A MACHINE???

Dimensions will be expressed in the least convenient terms, e.g.:  Acceleration
in Furlongs per Fortnight per Fortnight.

Diplomacy has rarely been able to gain at the conference table what cannot be
gained or held on the battlefield.

Diplomacy is the art of saying "Nice doggie!" 'til you can find a rock.

Diplomacy is to do and say the nastiest thing in the nicest way.

Diplomats are just as essential to starting a war as soldiers are for finishing
it ... You take diplomacy out of war, and the thing would fall flat in a week.
 -- Will Rogers

Discipline is the refining fire by which talent becomes ability.
 -- Roy L. Smith

Discipline, like the bridle in the hand of a good rider, should exercise its
influence without appearing to do so; should be ever active, both as a support
and as a restraint, yet seem to lie easily in hand.  It must always be ready
to check or to pull up, as occasion may require; and only when the horse is a
runaway should the action of the curb be perceptible.

Discretion in speech is more than eloquence.  -- Bacon

Divines and dying men may talk of Hell
But in my heart her several torments dwell.  -- Shakespeare

Do not attempt to do a thing unless you are sure of yourself; but do not
relinquish it simply because someone else is not sure of you.
 -- Stewert E. White

Do not believe in miracles--rely on them.

Do not clog intellect's sluices with knowledge of questionable uses.

Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy.  -- Lazarus Long

Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.

Do not use a hatchet to remove a fly from your friend's forehead.

Do whatever your enemies don't want you to do.  -- Gary Novak

Do you realize how boring you are?

Do you realize that you are responsible for making this organization a cost,
rather than a profit, center?

Doctors, dentists, and lawyers are only on time for appointments when you're
not.  -- Roxanne Weissman

Documents should always be dated, listings should never be torn on the outside
fold. Violation is indicative of someone's (programmer's or operator's)
inability.

Does a man speak foolishly?--suffer him gladly, for you are wise.  Does he
speak erroneously?--stop such a man's mouth with sound words that cannot be
gainsaid.  Does he speak truly?--rejoice in the truth.  -- Oliver Cromwell

Does history record any case in which the majority was right?

Don't ask the barber whether you need a haircut.  -- Daniel S. Greenberg

Don't be irreplaceable.  If you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.

Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.

Don't bite the hand that has your allowance in it.  -- Lisa Tidler

Don't care if you're rich or not, as long as you can live comfortably and have
everything you want.

Don't disturb the perimeter (meaning don't stir a mess unless you can be sure
of the result).

Don't get yourself involved with persons or situations that can't bear
inspection.

Don't let the fact that you can't do all you want to do keep you from doing
what you can do.

Don't look back, something might be gaining on you.  -- Satchel Paige

Don't lose heart ... they might want to cut it out ... and they want to avoid
a lengthy search.

Don't malign the bug-eyed monster--
 Oh, he kidnaps girls, it's true,
But bear in mind that all he wants to
 Do is what YOU'RE trying to do.

Don't permit yourself to get between a dog and a lamp-post.

Don't play President--you're not. The Constitution provides for only one
President. Don't forget it and don't be seen by others as not understanding
that fact.  -- Donald Rumsfeld

Don't praise the bread until it is baked.

Don't push me // I'm going 55 // I've done 75 // The fine was $49.

Don't put all your eggs in your pocket.  -- Celestine Clark

Don't send my boy to Harvard, the dying mother said.
Don't send my boy to Harvard, I'd rather see him dead.

Don't speak ill of your predecessors (or successors)--you did not walk in their
shoes.  -- Donald Rumsfeld

Don't start something you would be afraid to see finished.

Don't stick your foot in the ashtray, Ed.  -- JWC and RCHM

Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.

Don't store garlic near other victuals.  -- Lazarus Long

Don't talk to me about a man's being able to talk sense; everyone can talk
sense--can he talk nonsense?  -- William Pitt the Elder

Don't throw stones at your neighbors, if you expect to buy their natural gas.
 -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

Don't try to have the last word. You might get it.

Don't turn around.

Don't worry about avoiding temptation--as you grow older, it starts
avoiding you.  -- The Old Farmer's Almanac

Don't worry about who you step on on the way up if you don't ever plan on
coming down.

Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac, you can always take something for it.

Dope will get you through times of no money better than money will get you
through times of no dope.

Dost thou love life?  Then do not squander Time; for that's the stuff the
Iranians have plenty of.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

Dost thou love life?  Then waste not time, for time is the stuff that life is
made of.  -- Benjamin Franklin

Draw your salary before spending it.

Dreading the climax of all human ills,
The inflammation of his weekly bills.  -- Byron

Dream after dream ensures, and still they dream that they shall still succeed,
and still are disappointed.  -- William Cowper

Dreams are the touchstones of our characters.  -- Henry David Thoreau

Dreams, indeed, are ambition; for the very substance of the ambitious is merely
the shadow of a dream.  And I hold ambition of so airy and light a quality
that it is but a shadow's shadow.  -- Shakespeare

Drink Canada Dry! You might not be able to, but it IS fun trying.

Drink and be whole again beyond confusion.  -- Robert Frost

Drive is more than motivation.  It is self motivation.

Drunkenness is the vice of a good constitution, or of a bad memory:  of a
constitution so treacherously good, that it never bends 'til it breaks; or
of a memory that recollects the pleasures of getting drunk, but forgets the
pains of getting sober.  -- Colton

Due to lack of interest, tomorrow will be canceled.

During an exam, the pocket calculator battery will fail.  -- M. M. Johnston

During my eighty-seven years I have witnessed a whole succession of
technological revolutions. But none of them has done away with the
need for character in the individual or the ability to think.
 -- Bernard M. Baruch

Dust breeds.

ENERGY SAVING: achieved when the power switch is "off".

EXCLUSIVE: Imported product.

Each morning puts a man on trial and each evening passes judgement.
 -- Roy L. Smith

Each person has the right to take part in the management of public affairs in
his country, provided he has prior experience, a will to succeed, a college
degree, influential parents, good looks, a resume, two 3X4 snapshots, and a
good tax record.  -- Carlos Eduardo Novaes

Each person has the right to take the subway.  -- Carlos Eduardo Novaes

Each problem solved introduces a new unsolved problem.  -- U. S. Dept. of Labor

Each profession talks to itself in its own unique language.  Apparently there
is no Rosetta Stone.

Eagleson's Law: Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or
more months, might as well have been written by someone else. (Eagleson is
an optimist, the real number is more like 3 weeks.)

Early to bed and early to rise,
Makes a man heathy, wealthy and wise.  -- Benjamin Franklin

Earnestness alone makes life eternity.  -- Carlyle

Ease leads to habit, as success to ease.

Eat a live toad first thing in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you
the rest of the day.

Eat flaming death, minicomputer mongrels!!!

Eat to live, and not on thy Diner's Club Card.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

Ecologists believe that a bird in the bush is worth two in the hand.
 -- Stanley C. Pearson
(On second thought, a bird in the hand is finger-licking good.)

Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a
percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

Economy is of itself a great revenue.  -- Cicero

Economy makes men independent.

Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.  -- Fred Allen

Education begins the gentleman, but reading, good company and reflection must
finish him.  -- John Locke

Education belongs pre-eminently to the church ... neutral or lay schools from
which religion is excluded are contrary to the fundamental principles of
education.  -- Pope Pius XI

Education has in America's whole history been the major hope for improving
the individual and society.  -- Gunnar Myrdal

Education is helping the child realize his potentialities.  -- Erich Fromm

Education is the instruction of the intellect in the laws of Nature.
 -- Thomas Henry Huxley

Education is the transmission of civilization.  -- Ariel and Will Durant

Education is what survives when what has been learnt has been forgotten.
 -- B. F. Skinner

Education today, more than ever before, must see clearly the dual objectives:
Education for living and education for making a living.  -- James Mason Wood

Education: A debt due from present to future generations.  -- George Peabody

Egotism is the anesthetic that dulls the pain of stupidity.  -- Frank Leahy

Eisenhower told me never to trust a Communist.  -- Lyndon B. Johnson

Electrician's breakfast--ohmlettes  -- Raymond D. Love

Elevator Rules:
1.  Face forward.
2.  Fold hands in front.
3.  Do not make eye contact.
4.  Watch the numbers.
5.  Don't talk to anyone you don't know.
6.  Stop talking with anyone you do know when anyone you don't know enters the
    elevator.
7.  Avoid brushing bodies.  -- Psychologist Layne Longfellow

Elevators traveling in the desired direction are always delayed and on arrival
tend to run in pairs, threes of a kind, full houses, etc.  -- Pete Maiken

Emotion has taught mankind to reason.  -- Marquis de Vauvenargues

Emptiness on paper;
 Fleeting thoughts.
Red Sox play at Fenway's
 Green park.

Enjoy your life. If you don't, no one else will.

Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.

Enjoy your present pleasures so as not to injure those that are to follow.
 -- Seneca

Enlightened people seldom or never possess a sense of responsibility.
 -- George Orwell

Enough research will tend to confirm your conclusions.

Enthusiasm without knowledge is like running in the dark.

Entropy has us outnumbered.  -- Solomon Short

Envy is a weed that grows in all soils and climates, and is no less luxuriant
in the country than in the court; is not confined to any rank of men or extent
of fortune, but rages in the breasts of all degrees.  -- Lord Clarendon

Epperson's Law:  When a man says it's a silly, childish game, it's probably
something his wife can beat him at.

Equality is not when a female Einstein gets promoted to assistant professor;
equality is when a female schlemiel moves ahead as fast as a male schlemiel.
 -- Ewald Nyquist

Equality of opportunity is an equal opportunity to prove unequal talents.
 -- Sir Herbert Samuel

Erma Bombeck's Rule of Medicine: Never go to a doctor whose office plants have
died.

Err is basically a synonym for Murphy, but those who quote him over the better
known prophet insist he is as real as Murphy.  The basis for their argument:
(1) his spirit, like Murphy's, is everywhere and (2) Err is human.

Errors like straws upon the surface flow:
He who would search for pearls must dive below.  -- Dryden

Ertz's Observation:  Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do
with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.

Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
 -- Gerritt A. Blaauw

Eternal boredom is the price of constant vigilance.  -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

Eternal sunshine settles on its head.  -- Oliver Goldsmith

Eternal vigilance is the price of liberty.  -- Wendell Phillips

Eternity stands always fronting God; a stern colossal image with blind eyes,
and dim lips, that murmur evermore, "God, God, God!"  -- Mrs. Browning

Ettorre's Observation: The other line moves faster.

Even God cannot change the past.

Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.

Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.

Even if it can't, it might.  -- A. J. Barton

Even in war, moral power is to physical as three parts out of four.
 -- Napoleon Bonaparte

Even paranoids have enemies.  -- Jim Pastore

Even the boldest zebra fears the hungry lion.

Even the smallest candle burns brighter in the dark.

Even things in themselves not positively advantageous, sometimes become so, by
their tendency to provoke exertion.  Every new scene, which is opened to the
busy nature of man to rouse and exert itself, is the addition of a new energy
to the general stock of effort.  -- Alexander Hamilton

Every Tom, Dick and Harry is named William.  -- Sam Goldwyn

Every action in our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
 -- Edwin Hubbel Chapin

Every action or decision of an institution must be intended to keep the
institution machinery working.  -- Robert N. Kharasch

Every child born in America can hope to grow up to enjoy tax loopholes.

Every dog must have its day.  -- Jonathon Swift

Every editor of newapapers pays tribute to the Devil.  -- La Fontaine

Every great improvement has come after repeated failures.  Virtually nothing
comes out right the first time.  Failures, repeated failures, are fingerposts
on the road to achievement.  -- Charles R. Kettering

Every great or original writer in proportion as he is great or original, must
himself create the taste by which he must be relished.  -- Wordsworth

Every man desires to live long, but no man desires to be old.  -- Jonathon Swift

Every man has a right to his opinion, but no man has a right to be wrong in
his facts.  -- Bernard M. Baruch

Every man has a scheme that will not work.

Every man has his price.  Mine is $3.95.

Every man has in himself a continent of undiscovered character.  Happy is he
who acts the Columbus of his own soul.  -- Sir J. Stevens

Every man has just as much vanity as he wants understanding.  -- Alexander Pope

Every man has three characters--that which he exhibits, that which he has,
and that which he thinks he has.  -- Alphonse Karr

Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists
of not exceeding the limit.  -- Elbert Hubbard

Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.  -- Channing

Every man is the architect of his own fortune.  -- Appius Claudius

Every man of genius is considerably helped by being dead.

Every man who is high up loves to think that he has done it all himself; and
the wife smiles, and lets it go at that.  -- James Matthew Barrie

Every newspaper, no matter how tight the news hole, has room for a story on
another newspaper increasing its newsstand price.  -- Ed Zellar

Every one complains of the badness of his memory, but nobody of his judgment.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

Every organization is self-perpetuating.  Don't ever ask an outfit to justify
itself, or you'll be covered with facts, figures and fancy.  The criterion
should rather be, "What will happen if the outfit stops doing what it's
doing?"  The value of an organization is easier determined this way.
 -- Amrom Katz

Every problem contains within itself the seeds of its own solution.

Every purchase has its price.

Every reform is only a mask under cover of which a more terrible reform,
which dares not yet name itself, advances.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

Every sentence I utter must be understood not as an affirmation, but as
a question.  -- Niels Bohr

Every society is divided into two classes: prostitutes and pimps, those who do
and those who sell. Every successful individual is something of both.

Every time I close the door on Reality, it comes in through the window.
 -- Ashleigh Brilliant

Every time you come up with a terrific idea, you find that someone else thought
of it first.  -- Frank Harden

Everybody believes in rugged individualism, but you'll do better by pleasing
the boss.  -- Charles Merrill Smith

Everybody has 20/20 hindsight.

Everybody lies about sex.

Everybody should believe in something--I believe I'll have another drink.
 -- Mary Steele

Everybody's gotta be someplace.  -- Myron Cohen

Everyone has talent at twenty-five.  The trick is to have it at fifty.
 -- Edgar Degas

Everyone is a genius at least once a year; a real genius has his original
ideas closer together.

Everyone knows that the name of the game is to let the other guy have all of
the little tats and to keep all of the big tits for yourself.
 -- Thomas L. Martin

Everyone must see daily, instances of people who complain from a mere habit of
complaining.

Everyone needs long-range goals if for no other reason than to keep from
being frustrated by short-range failures.

Everyone who stops by with unsought advice will see it immediately.

Everything bows to success, even grammar.

Everything happens at the same time with nothing in between.  -- Paul Hebig

Everything has two handles; the one soft and manageable, the other such as will
not endure to be touched.  If then your brother do you an injury, do not take
it by the hot hard handle, by representing to yourself all the aggravating
circumstances of the fact; but look rather on the soft side, and extenuate it
as much as is possible, by considering the nearness of the relation, and the
long friendship and familiarity between you--obligations to kindness which a
single provocation ought not to dissolve.  And thus you will take the accident
by the manageable handle.  -- Epictetus

Everything in excess! To enjoy the flavour of life, take big bites. Moderation
is for monks.  -- Lazarus Long

Everything is for sale; only the price is negotiable.

Everything is matter.  Matter is electricity.  Electricity is invisible,
intangible.  Therefore it is nothing.  Therefore everything is nothing.

Everything is more complicated than it looks to most people.
 -- Frederick Lewis Allen

Everything is nothing:  Everything is all.  All is one.  One is inconceivable,
infinite.  Therefore it is nothing.  Therefore everything is nothing.

Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being that a
belch is more satisfying.  -- Ingmar Bergman

Everything needs a little oil now and then.

Everything put together sooner or later falls apart.  -- Paul Simon

Everything should be as simple as possible, but no simpler.  -- Albert Einstein

Everything takes longer than you expect.

Everything takes more time and money.  -- Anne DeCaprio

Everything tastes more or less like chicken.  -- Jeffery F. Chamberlain

Everything that exceeds the bounds of moderation has an unstable foundation.
 -- Seneca

Everything you read in the newspapers is absolutely true except for that rare
story of which you happen to have firsthand knowledge.  -- Erwin Knoll

Evil habits soil a fine dress more than mud; good manners, by their deeds,
easily set off a lowly garb.  -- Plautus

Evil thoughts intrude in an unemployed mind, as naturally as worms are
generated in a stagnant pool.

Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for the greatest fool
may ask more than the wise man can answer.

Examine the contents, not the bottle.  -- The Talmud

Example is a living law, whose sway
Men more than all the written laws obey.  -- Sedley

Examples I could cite you more:
But be contented with these four;
For when one's proofs are aptly chosen
Four are as valid as four dozen.  -- Prior

Exams will always contain questions not discussed in class.  -- M. M. Johnston

Excellence is never granted to man, but as the reward of labor.  It argues,
indeed, no small strength of mind to persevere in the habits of industry,
without the pleasure of perceiving those advantages which, like the hands of a
clock, whilst they make hourly approaches to their point, yet proceed so
slowly as to escape observation.  -- Sir Joshua Reynolds

Excess of grief for the deceased is madness; for it is an injury to the living,
and the dead know it not.  -- Xenophon

Excessive official restraints on information are inevitably self defeating and
productive of headaches for the officials concerned.
 -- Edward Kennedy, AP correspondent

Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
 -- John G. Pollard

Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.

Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.

Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again.

Experience is awareness of encompassing the totality of things.

Experience is directly proportional to equipment ruined.

Experience is not what happens to you, it is what you do with what happens to
you.  -- Aldous Huxley

Experience is the comb that Nature gives us when we are bald.

Experience is the one thing you have plenty of when you're too old to get the
job.

Experience is the worst teacher; it gives the test before presenting the lesson.

Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other, and scarcely
in that; for it is true, we may give advice, but we cannot give conduct.
Remember this:  They that will not be counseled cannot be helped.  If you do
not hear reason she will rap you over the knuckles.  -- Benjamin Franklin

Experience keeps a dear school, but it's a hell of a campaign tactic.
 -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

Experience teaches that men are often so much governed by what they are
accustomed to see and practice, that the simplest and most obvious
improvements, in the most ordinary occupations, are adopted with hesitation,
reluctance, and by slow gradations.  Men would resist changes, so long as even
a bare support could be ensured by an adherence to ancient courses, and perhaps
even longer.  -- Alexander Hamilton

Experiments are often tricky--
 There's no exception to this rule,
What CAN have made that rat a sticky,
 Slimy, rather smelly pool?

Experiments must be reproducible--they should always fail in the same way.

Expertise in one field does not carry over into other fields. But experts
often think so. The narrower their field of knowledge the more likely they
are to think so.  -- Lazarus Long

Experts do not like surprises.  It makes them look bad at the home office.
 -- Vic Gold

Experts in advanced countries underestimate by a factor of 2 to 4 the ability
of people in underdeveloped countries to do anything technical.  (Examples:
Japanese on warplanes, Russians on the bomb, Iranians on refineries ... etc.)
 -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

Exploit the inevitable (which means, take credit for anything good which
happens whether you had anything to do with it or not).

Extreme avarice is always mistaken; there is no passion which is oftener
further away from its mark, nor upon which the present has so much power to
[set] the prejudice of the future.  -- La Rochefoucauld

Eyes with the same blue witchery as those of Psyche, which caught love in his
own wiles.

FAITH: An illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable.
 -- H. L. Mencken

FAITH: Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks, without
knowledge, of things without parallel.  -- Ambrose Bierce

FIELD TEST: Putting your software out to pasture.

FIELD TESTED: manufacturer lacks test equipment.

FOOLPROOF OPERATION: no provision for adjustment.

FUTURISTIC: can't figure out another reason why it looks as it does.

Facts and truth are often cousins--not brothers.  -- Edward Bunker

Facts are God's arguments, we should be careful never to misunderstand or
pervert them.  -- Tyron Edwards

Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.

Facts are stupid until brought into connection with some general law.
 -- Louis Agassiz

Facts are to the mind the same thing as food to the body.  On the due digestion
of facts depends the strength and wisdom of the one, just as vigor and health
depend on the other.  The wisest in council, the ablest in debate, and the
most agreeable in the commerce of life, is that man who has assimilated to his
understanding the greatest number of facts.  -- Burke

Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.  -- Aldous Huxley

Faculty purchases of equipment and supplies always increase to match the funds
available, so these funds are never adequate.  -- Thomas L. Martin

Fail me again and you'll breakfast on burning coals!

Faith builds a bridge across the gulf of death,
To break the shock blind nature cannot shun,
And lands thought smoothly on the further shore.  -- Young

Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.

Faith in a holy cause is to a considerable extent a substitute for lost faith
in ourselves.  -- Eric Hoffer

Faith in immortality, like belief in Satan, leaves unanswered the ancient
question: is God unable to prevent suffering and thus not omnipotent? or is
he able but not willing to prevent it and thus not merciful? And is he just?

Faith is never identical with piety.  -- Karl Barth

Faith is not reason's labor, but repose.  -- Young

Faith is one of those words that connotes, however irrationally, some kind of
virtue in itself.  -- Louis J. Halle

Faith is the soul going out of itself for all its wants.  -- Boston

Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen.
 -- Hebrews XI, 1.

Faith lights us through the dark to Deity.  -- Davenant

Faith means belief in something concerning which doubt is theoretically
possible.  -- William James

Faith means intense, usually confident, belief that is not based on evidence
sufficient to command assent from every reasonable person.  -- Walter Kaufmann

Fame may be compared to a scold:  the best way to silence her is to let her
alone, and she will at last be out of breath in blowing her own trumpet.
 -- Fuller

Familiarity breeds contempt.

Fancy gizmos don't work.  -- Jane Bryant Quinn

Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.

Farewell a long farewell, to all my greatness!
This is the state of man.  Today he puts forth
The tender leaves of hope; tomorrow blossoms,
And bears his blushing honors thick upon him;
The third day comes a frost, a killing frost.  -- Shakespeare

Fast personal decisions are likely to be wrong.

Fate steals along with silent tread,
Found oftenest in what least we dread;
Frowns in the storm with angry brow,
But in the sunshine strikes the blow.  -- Cowper

Fathers alone a father's heart can know
What secret tides of still enjoyment flow
When brothers love, but if their hate succeeds,
They wage the war, but 'tis the father bleeds.  -- Edward Young

Fear is the tax that the conscience pays to guilt.  -- Sewell

Feed yourself and feed others. Then, if you have to say good-bye, it won't
matter. You will have shared love.  -- Jeanne Moreau

Fellows who have no tongues are often all eyes and ears.  -- Haliburton

Feminists say 60 percent of the country's wealth is in the hands of women.
They're letting men hold the other 40 percent because their handbags are
full.  -- Earl Wilson

Few ever lived to a great age, and fewer still ever became distinguished, who
were not in the habit of early rising.  -- Todd

Few love to hear the sins they love to act.  -- Shakespeare

Few of us ever test our powers of deduction, except when filling out an income
tax form.

Few people now believe in the devil; but very many enjoy behaving as their
ancestors behaved when the Fiend was a reality as unquestionable as his
Opposite Number.

Few persons have sufficient wisdom to prefer censure which is useful to them,
to praise which deceives them.  -- La Rochefoucauld

Few young men of high gifts and fine tastes look forward to entering public
life, for the probability of disappointments and vexations of a life in
Congress so far outweigh its attractions that nothing but exceptional ambition
or a strong sense of public duty suffices to draw such men into it.  Law,
education, literature, the higher walks of commerce, finance, or railway work
offer a better prospect of enjoyment or distinction.  -- Lord James Bryce

Fie! What a spendthrift he is of his tongue!  -- Shakespeare

Field's Revelation:  If you see a man holding a clipboard and looking official,
the chances are good that he is supposed to be doing something menial.

Finagle's Creed:  Science is truth:  Don't be misled by facts.

Finagle's Fifth Rule:  Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn
fool discovers something that either abolishes the system or expands it beyond
recognition.

Finagle's Fourth Law:  No matter what occurs, there is always someone who
believes it happened according to his pet theory.

Finagle's Very Fundamental Finding:  If a string has one end, then it has
another end.

Finality is death.  Perfection is finality.  Nothing is perfect.  There are
lumps in it.  -- James Stephens

Find happiness in your work, or you may never find it anywhere else.

Find out the cost before you get in.

Fine's Corollary: Functionality breeds Contempt.

Finish the sentence below in 25 words or less:
  "Love is what you feel just before you give someone a good ..."
Mail your answer along with the top half of your supervisor to:
       P.O. Box 35, Baffled Greek, Michigan

Fire in each eye, and papers in each hand,
They rave, recite, and madden round the land.  -- Alexander Pope

Fire that's closest kept burns most of all.  -- Shakespeare

First Law of Bridge:  It's always the partner's fault.

First Law of Office Holders:  Get reelected.

First Law of Wing-Walking:  Never leave hold of what you've got until you've
got hold of something else.  -- Donald Herzberg

First draw your curves--then plot your data.

First get an absolute conquest over thyself, and then thou wilt easily govern
thy wife.  -- Fuller

First impressions are of major importance in business matters.
 -- J. Pierpont Finch

First must give place to last, because last must have his time to come; but
last gives place to nothing, for there is not another to succeed.  -- Bunyan

Fish or cut bait!

Flattery is a sort of bad money, to which our vanity gives currency.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

Flowers are like the pleasures of the world.  -- Shakespeare

Flying saucers on occasion
 Show themselves to human eyes.
Aliens fume, put off invasion
 While they brand these tales as lies.

Food that tastes the best has the highest number of calories.
 -- Rozanne Weissman

Fools are certain, but wise men hesitate.

Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.  -- Alexander Pope

For 40 years I have analyzed stocks and other money markets.  Now I have made
a remarkable discovery.  The Confederate dollar has risen in value 7.4 percent
a year since 1965.  It has outperformed the German mark, the Japanese yen and
the Swiss franc.  -- Vincent W. Allen

For every credibility gap there is a gullibility fill.  -- Richard Clopton

For every credibility gap there is a gullibility gap.
 -- Senator Stuart Symington

For every human problem, there is a neat plain solution--and it is always
wrong.  -- H. L. Mencken

For every inch that is not a fool is rogue.  -- Dryden

For every proverb that confidently asserts its little bit of wisdom, there is
usually an equal and opposite proverb that contradicts it.  -- Richard Boston

For evil news rides post, while good news waits.  -- Milton

For forms of government let fools contest;
Whate'er is best administer'd is best.  -- Alexander Pope

For good men but see death, the wicked taste it.  -- Johnson

For here we are not afraid to follow truth wherever it may lead, nor to
tolerate error so long as reason is free to combat it.  -- Thomas Jefferson

For in religion as in friendship, they who profess most are ever the least
sincere.  -- Sheridan

For modes of faith let graceless zealots fight,
His can't be wrong whose life is in the right.  -- Alexander Pope

For my part I can compare her to nothing but the sun; for, like him, she takes
no rest, nor ever sets in one place but to rise in another.  -- Dryden

For nations that waste their inheritances--even nations that are profligate--
usually do so in ways more subtle than individuals.  Bad habits and bad advice
take longer to inflict their damage; nations, too, have their reckonings, but
they can survive many more nights before the hangover.  -- Michael Scully

For oh! so wildly do I love him
That paradise itself were dim
And joyless, if not shared with him.  -- Moore

For people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will
like.

For perfect happiness, remember two things:
1.  Be content with what you've got.
2.  Be sure you've got plenty.

For several years more I maintained public relations with the Almighty. But
privately, I ceased to associate with him.  -- Jean-Paul Sartre

For she had a tongue with a tang,
Would cry to a sailor, Goe hang!
She lov'd not the savour of Tar nor of Pitch
Yet a Tailor might scratch her where ere she did itch:
   Then to Sea, Boyes, and let her goe hang!
(Author's Note: "This is a scurvy tune ...")

For specialization is a process that begins as an attempt to develop experts
who will then inform the whole body.  It can end, however, and sometimes does,
in the removal of any inclination to question the supposed "experts"--who
themselves are sometimes not all that expert.  -- Michael Scully

For the first time in history, one bag of groceries produces two bags of trash.
 -- Robert Orben

For the memory of love is sweet,
Though the love itself were in vain
And what I have lost of pleasure,
Assuage what I find of pain.  -- Lyster

For the rule of the wise over the less wise to be advantageous ... it must come
about by a process of consent.  And the requirement of consent can be
understood only in the light of, and by recognition of, natural equality.
 -- Harry V. Jaffa

For the tenth time, dull Daphnis, said Chloe,
You have told me my bosom is snowy;
  You've made much fine verse on
  Each part of my person,
Now DO something--there's a good boy!

For they can conquer who believe they can.  -- Virgil

For they say, if money go before, all ways do lie open.  -- Shakespeare

For we both alike know that into the discussion of human affairs the question
of justice enters only where the pressure of necessity is equal, and that the
powerful exact what they can, and the weak grant what they must.  -- Thucydides

For which of you, intending to build a tower, sitteth not down first, and
counteth the cost, whether he have sufficient to finish it.  -- Luke 14:28

Forbear to judge, for we are sinners all.  -- Shakespeare

Forecasters tend to learn less and less about more and more, until in the end
they know nothing about everything.  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

Forecasting is very difficult, especially if it's about the future.
 -- Edgar R. Fiedler

Forever floats that standard sheet!
Where breathes the foe that falls before us,
With freedom's soil beneath our feet,
And Freedom's banner streaming o'er us.  -- Joseph Rodman Drake

Forewarned is half an octopus.

Forget your opponents.  Always play against par.  -- Sam Snead

Forgive me my nonsense as I also forgive the nonsense of those who think they
talk sense.  -- Robert Frost

Forgiveness is better than revenge, for forgiveness is the sign of a gentle
nature, but revenge is the sign of a savage nature.  -- Epictetus

Fortune brings in some boats that are not steered.

Fortune is like the market, where, many times, if you can stay a little, the
price will fall.  -- Bacon

Fortune truly helps those who are of good judgment.

Four be the things I'd have been better without: love, curiosity, freckles
and doubt.  -- Dorothy Parker

Four things belong to a judge:  to hear courteously, to answer wisely, to
consider soberly, and to decide impartially.  -- Socrates

Fourth Law of Thermodynamics:  If the probability of success is not almost
one, it is damn near zero.  -- David Ellis

Free and fair discussion will ever by found the firmest friend to truth.
 -- George Campbell

Free enterprise ended in the United States a good many years ago.  Big oil,
big steel, big agriculture avoid the open marketplace.  Big corporations fix
prices among themselves and drive out the small entrepreneur.  In their
conglomerate forms, the huge corporations have begun to challenge the
legitimacy of the state.  -- Gore Vidal

Free enterprise: A huge area of the American economy is still noticable to
observers with peripheral vision after they subtract the public sector,
conglomerates, federally supported agriculture, monopolies, duopolies, and
oligopolies.  -- Bernard Rosenberg

Freedom begins when you tell Mrs. Grundy to go fly a kite.  -- Lazarus Long

Freedom comes from human beings, rather than from laws and institutions.
 -- Clarance Darrow

Freedom hath a thousand charms to show,
That slaves howe'er contented never know.  -- Cowper

Freedom is not enough.  -- Lyndon B. Johnson

Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better.  -- Albert Camus

Freedom to live one's life with the window of the soul open to new thoughts,
new ideas, new aspirations.  -- Harold Ickes

Fried's 23rd Law:  Ideas endure and prosper in inverse proportion to their
soundness and validity.

Friends may come and friends may go, but enemies accumulate.
 -- Dr. Thomas Jones

Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another,  "What!
You, too? I thought I was the only one."  -- C. S. Lewis

Friendship is no plant of hasty growth;
Tho' planted in esteem's deep fixed soil,
The gradual culture of kind intercourse
Must bring it to perfection.  -- Joanna Baillie

Friendship is the only thing in the world concerning the usefulness of which
all mankind are agreed.  -- Cicero

Friendship's the wine of life.  -- Young

Friendships, like marriages, are dependent on avoiding the unforgivable.
 -- John D. MacDonald.

From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.

From principles is derived probability, but truth or certainty is obtained only
from facts.  -- Nathaniel Hawthorne

From the crown of his head to the sole of his foot he is all mirth; he has
twice or thrice cut Cupid's bowstring, and the little hangman dare not shoot
at him; he hath a heart as sound as a bell, and his tongue is the clapper; for
what his heart thinks his tongue speaks.  -- Shakespeare

From the errors of others a wise man corrects his own.  -- Publilius Syrus

From the time we first begin to know,
We live and learn, but not the wiser grow.  -- Pomfret

From women's eyes this doctrine I derive;
They sparkle still the right Promethean fire;
They are the books, the arts, the academies,
That show, contain, and nourish all the world,
Else, none at all in aught proves excellent.  -- Shakespeare

Frugality may be termed the daughter of prudence, the sister of temperance, and
the parent of liberty.  He that is extravagant will quickly become poor, and
poverty will enforce dependence and invite corruption.  -- Johnson

Fuch's Warning:  If you actually look like your passport photo, you aren't
well enough to travel.

Fudge Factor:  A physical factor occasionally showing up in experiments as a
result of stopping a stopwatch a little early to compensate for reflex error.

Fudge Factor:  The numerical factor by which experimental results must be
multiplied to be in agreement with theory.

Fuller's Law of Cosmic Irreversibility:
1 Pot T =  1 Pot P
1 Pot P <> 1 Pot T  -- R. Buckminster Fuller

Fuzzy project objectives are used to avoid the embarrassment of estimating the
corresponding costs.

GIGO: Garbage in, Gospel out.

GOD: The contrapuntal genius of human fate.

GOD: but a word invoked to explain the world.

Gallantry consists in saying the most empty things in an agreeable manner.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

Game is an ill you may with ease obtain,
A sad oppression to be born with pain;
And when you would the noisy clamor drown,
You'll find it hard to lay the burden down.  -- Cooke

Gaming is the son of avarice, but the father of despair.

Garage mechanic to customer:  There's nothing mechanically wrong with your car,
sir--it's just an underachiever.  -- David Brown

Gather ye rosebuds while ye may,
Old Time is still a flying;
And that same flower that blooms today,
To-morrow shall be dying.  -- Herrick

Generalizedness of incompetence is directly proportional to highestness in
hierarchy.  -- Guy Godin

Generally he perceived in men of devout simplicity this opinion:  that the
secrets of nature were the secrets of God, part of that glory into which
man is not to press too boldly.  -- Bacon

Generally the theories we believe we call facts, and the facts we disbelieve
we call theories.  -- Felix Cohen

Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.

Genius does what it must, talent does what it can.

Genius is the ability to reduce the complicated to the simple.

Genius is the highest type of reason--talent the highest type of understanding.
 -- Hickok

Genius means little more than the faculty of perceiving in an unhabitual way.

Genius, in one respect, is like gold--a number of persons are constantly
writing about both, who have neither.

Genuine religion is not so much a matter of feeling as a matter of principle.
 -- Alexander Pope

Genuine status is a rare and precious jewel, and also rather easy to simulate.
 -- Charles Merrill Smith

Get Ahead!!! You could use one.

Get a shot off FAST! This upsets him long enough to let you make your second
shot perfect.  -- Lazarus Long

Get the Hell out of my way!  -- John Galt

Get thee behind me, Satan, and push me along!

Get your enemies to read your works in order to mend them, for your friend is
so much your second self that he will judge too like you.  -- Pope

Get your facts first, and then you can distort them as much as you please.
 -- Mark Twain

Getting on the cover of TIME guarantees the existence of opposition in the
future.  -- John Kenneth Galbraith

Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day.  Teach him how to fish and he
will eat for the rest of his life.

Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs
pounding.  -- Abraham Kaplan

Give every man thine ear, but few thy voice.  -- Shakespeare

Give him an inch and he'll screw you.  -- Dave Farber

Give me health and a day, and I will make ridiculous the pomp of emperors.
 -- Emerson

Give me liberty or give me death!  -- Patrick Henry

Give me the ready hand rather than the ready tongue.  -- Giuseppe Garibaldi

Give me to drink, Mandragora,
That I may sleep away this gap of time.  -- Shakespeare

Give them a number or give them a date, but never both.  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

Give thy thoughts no tongue, nor any unproportioned thought his act.
 -- Shakespeare

Give us, O give us, the man who is cheerful in his work!  Be his occupation
what it may, he is equal to any of those who follow the same pursuit in
silent sullenness.  He will do more in the same time--he will do it better--
he will persevere longer.  -- Carlyle

Give your decisions, never your reasons; your decisions may be right, your
reasons are sure to be wrong.  -- Earl of Mansfild

Given a choice between two bald political candidates, the American people will
vote for the less bald of the two.  -- Vic Gold

Given enough time, what you put off doing today will eventually get done by
itself.  -- G. Gestra

Go fry an egg!

Go kiss a Wookiee!

Go to friends for advice; to women for pity; to strangers for charity; to
relatives for nothing.

Go very lightly on the vices, such as carrying on in society, as the social
ramble ain't restful.  -- Satchel Paige

Go where the money is.  -- Bank robber Willie Sutton

God and the devil are an effort after specialization and division of labour.

God blesses still the generous thought
And still the fitting word He speeds,
And truth, at His requiring taught,
He quickens into deeds.  -- Whittier

God gave you that gifted tongue of yours, and set it between your teeth, to
make known your true meaning to us, not be rattled like a muffin man's bell.
 -- Carlyle

God gives us relatives; thank God we can chose our friends.

God helps those who have 7 percent mortgages.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

God is not a cosmic bellboy!

God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent--it says so right here on
the label. If you have a mind capable of believing all three of these divine
attributes simultaneously, I have a wonderful bargain for you. No checks,
please. Cash, and in small bills.  -- Lazarus Long

God made man, and therefore let him pass for man.  -- Shakespeare

God moves in a mysterious way
His wonders to perform;
He plants His footsteps in the sea,
And rides upon the storm.  -- Cowper

God will forgive me; that's His business.

God will not give any soldier ammunition who is not willing to go into battle.

God will not suffer man to have the knowledge of things to come; for if he had
prescience of his prosperity he would be careless; and understanding of his
adversity he would be senseless.  -- Augustine

Good actions ennoble us, and we are the sons of our own deeds.
 -- Miguel de Cervantes

Good breeding shows itself most where, to an ordinary eye, it appears least.
 -- Addison

Good conversation, like a defensive driver, yields the right of way.
 -- William Walter De Bolt

Good health and good sense are two of life's greatest blessings.

Good health will be yours for a long time.

Good healthy attitudes are the ones everyone agrees with, because if we didn't
agree with it, it wouldn't be very healthy.

Good humor is the health of the soul, sadness its poison.  -- Stanislaus

Good intentions always randomize behavior.  -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

Good intentions are far more difficult to cope with than malicious behavior.
 -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

Good is recognized only when it goes away, evil when it comes.

Good judgement comes from experience.  And experience--well that comes from
having bad judgement.

Good managers learn to share decisions with others even though they alone must
accept responsibility for the results.

Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.

Good night, good night! Parting is such sweet sorrow
That I shall say--good night 'til it be morrow.  -- Shakespeare

Good parking places are always on the other side of the street.
 -- Dr. R. F. Gumperson

Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure.
 -- William Saroyan

Good salesmen and good repairmen will never go hungry.  -- Robert E. Schenk

Good sense about trivialities is better than nonsense about things that matter.
 -- Max Beerbohm

Good wine and brave men don't last long.

Good, the more communicated, more abundant grows.  -- Milton

Goodness is beauty in its best estate.  -- Marlowe

Goodwill is achieved by many actions; it can be lost by one.

Goulden's Axiom of the Bouncing Can (ABC):  If you drop a full can of beer, and
remember to rap the top sharply with your knuckle prior to opening,  the
ensuing gush of foam will be between 89 and 94 percent of the volume that
would splatter you if you didn't do a damned thing and went ahead and pulled
the top immediately.  -- Joseph C. Goulden

Government action and inaction both gravely impair business confidence.
 -- Mark Epernay

Government expands to absorb revenue--and then some.  -- Tom Wicker

Government spending?  I don't know what it's all about.  I don't know any more
about this thing than an economist does, and, God knows, he doesn't know much.
 -- Will Rogers

Governments last as long as the under-taxed can defend themselves from the
over-taxed.

Governments, like physicians, must simultaneously be the masters and the
servants of those whom they govern.  -- Harry V. Jaffa

Gratiano speaks an infinite deal of nothing, more than any man in Venice; but
his reasons are as two grains of wheat in two bushels of chaff; you seek all
day ere you find them; and when you have them, they are not worth the search.
 -- Shakespeare

Gratitude is best and most effective when it does not evaporate itself in
empty phrases.  -- Magnifico Giganticus (aka the Mule)

Gratitude is something of which none of us can give too much.  For on the
smiles, the thanks we give, our little gestures of appreciation, our neighbors
build up their philosophy of life.  -- A. J. Cronin

Gravity is a mystery of the body, invented to conceal the defects of the mind.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

Gray's Law of Programming: n + 1 trivial tasks are expected to be accomplished
in the same time as n trivial tasks.

Great errors seldom originate but with men of great minds.  -- Petrarch

Great souls by instinct to each other turn.
Demand alliance, and in friendship burn.  -- Addison

Greener's Law: Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.

Grief knits two hearts in closer bonds than happiness ever can; and common
sufferings are far stronger links than common joys.  -- Lamartine

Gummidge's Law:  The amount of expertise varies in inverse proportion to the
number of statements understood by the general public.

H. L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H. L. Mencken--there
is no cure for a disease of that magnitude.  -- Maxwell Bodenheim

HAND CRAFTED: machine that assembles it is operated without gloves.

HIGH ACCURACY: unit on which all parts fit.

HYPOTHESIS: A prediction based on theory formulated after an experiment is
performed, designed to account for the ludicrous series of events which have
taken place.

Habit gives endurence, and fatigue is the best nightcap.  -- Kincaid

Habit is habit, and not to be flung out the window by any man, but coaxed down
stairs one step at a time.  -- Mark Twain

Habit is the easiest way to be wrong again.

Habit with him was all the test of truth;
"It must be right:  I've done it from my youth."  -- George Crabbe

Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.  -- Solomon Short

Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns; he should be drawn and quoted.
 -- Fred Allen
(Sarcasm is the sour cream of wit.)

Happiness at age ten was finding an empty six pack of returnable Coke bottles.
The poor kids these days will never know what they missed, which is why we
have a generation gap.  -- Richard N. Farmer

Happiness is a paycheck every week.

Happiness is having friends who laugh at your stories when they're not so
funny and sympathize with you in your troubles even when they're not so bad.

Happiness is in direct proportion to the distance from the home office.
Contradictory Corollary:  The diner who is furthest from the kitchen is a
nervous eater.  -- Al Blanchard

Happiness is in the taste, and not in the things themselves; we are happy from
possessing what we like, not from possessing what others like.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.

Happy the man, and happy he alone,
He, who can call today his own;
He who, secure within, can say
Tomorrow do thy worst, for I have lived today.  -- Dryden

Harris's Law: Any philosophy that can be put "in a nutshell" belongs there.
 -- James Gibbons Hunekerm

Hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil.  -- Niccolo Machiavelli

Have the courage to live.  Anyone can die.  -- Robert Cody

Have you ever seen a plant with its leaves curled up?  Have you watered it and
watched its leaves spread out again?  Almost as quick as that can be the
response of a child's mind to a teacher who knows how to nourish it.
 -- Morris Mandel

He alone is an acute observer who can observe minutely without being observed.
 -- Lavater

He became mellow before he became ripe.  -- Alexander Woollcott

He compares your nastiness to that of a man who rises in the morning and finds
that the shoe he has just put his foot in has been used the night before as a
chamber pot.

He conquers who endures.  -- Persius

He deservedly loses his own property who covets that of another.  -- Phoedrus

He doth bestride the narrow world,
Like a Colossus; and we petty men
Walk under his huge legs and peep about
To find ourselves dishonorable graves.  -- Shakespeare

He experienced that nervous agitation to which brave men as well as cowards are
subject; with this difference, that the one sinks under it, like the vine
under the hailstorm, and the other collects his energies to shake it off, as
the cedar of Lebanon is said to elevate its boughs to disperse the shower
which accumulates upon them.  -- Sir Walter Scott

He had had had where he should have had had had.

He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation perfectly
delightful.  -- Sydney Smith

He has more goodness in his little finger
Than you have in your whole body.  -- Jonathon Swift

He has, I know not what, of greatness in his looks, and of high fate, that
almost awes me.  -- John Dryden

He hated to set precedents; those who did so were sometimes promoted, more
frequently they joined their ancestors.  -- Robert A. Heinlein

He hath out-villained villainy so far, that the rarity redeems him.
 -- Shakespeare

He hath riches sufficient, who hath enough to be charitable.
 -- Sir Thomas Browne

He is a legend in his own mind.  -- Ron Randall

He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.

He is the encyclopedia of facts.  The creation of a thousand forests is in one
acorn; and Eygpt, Greece, Rome, Gaul, Britian, America, lie folded already in
the first man.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

He is the most wretched of men who has never felt adversity.

He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.

He jests at scars who never felt a wound.  -- Shakespeare

He kept him as the apple of his eye.

He knew what's what, and that's as high
As metaphysics wit can fly.  -- Meta

He lives by rule who lives himself to please.  -- Crabbe

He may look like a clown, but here is the soul of a leader.

He must have a long spoon that must eat with the devil.  -- Shakespeare

He that despairs, degrades the Deity, and seems to intimate, that He is
insufficient, or not just to his word; and in vain hath read the Scriptures,
the world and man.  -- Feltham

He that falls into sin is a man; that grieves at it may be a saint; that
boasteth of it is a devil.  -- Fuller

He that hath a beard is more than a youth;
And he that hath none is less than a man.  -- Shakespeare

He that is without sin among you, let him cast the first stone.  -- Jesus Christ

He that lives upon Hope dies farting.  -- Benjamin Franklin

He that loses hope may part with anything.  -- Congreve

He that never changed any of his opinions never corrected any of his mistakes;
and he who was never wise enough to find out any mistakes in himself will not
be charitable enough to excuse mistakes in others.

He that riseth late is not campaigning in New York today.
 -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

He that sips of many arts, drinks of none.  -- Fulton

He that spends all his life in sport is like one who wears nothing but fringes
and eats nothing but sauces.  -- Fuller

He that uses many words for the explaining [of] any subject, doth like the
cuttlefish, hide himself for the most part in his own ink.  -- Ray

He that wants money, means and content, is without three good friends.
 -- Shakespeare

He that will have no books but those that are scarce, evinces about as correct
a taste in literature as he would do in friendship, who would have no friends
but those whom all the rest of the world have sent to coventry.  -- Colton

He that will keep a monkey should pay for the glasses he breaks.  -- Seldon

He that will not apply new remedies must expect new evils, for time is the
greatest innovator.  -- Francis Bacon

He that would have a cake out of the wheat must tarry the grinding.
 -- Shakespeare

He thinks that he could easily win your heart.

He travels fastest who travels alone ... but he hasn't anything to do when
he gets there.

He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.

He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with two eyes.

He wasn't exactly hostile to facts, but he was apathetic about them.
 -- Woollcott Gibbs

He who can take advice is sometimes superior to him who can give it.
 -- Von Knebel

He who can will.  He who can't, will teach.  -- M. M. Johnston

He who comes from the kitchen, smells of its smoke; and he who adheres to a
sect, has something of its cant; the college air pursues the student; and dry
inhumanity him who herds with literary pedants.  -- Lavater

He who conceals a useful truth is equally guilty with the propagator of an
injurious falsehood.  -- Augustine

He who envies another admits his own inferiorities.

He who falls in love with himself will have no rivals.

He who fights the devil with his own weapons, must not wonder if he finds him
an overmatch.  -- South

He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.

He who has burned his mouth blows his soup.

He who has health has hope, and he who has hope has everything.

He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.

He who has no mind to trade with the devil, should be so wise as to keep from
his shop.  -- South

He who has not a good memory, should never take upon him the trade of lying.
 -- Mintaigne

He who hates vices hates mankind.

He who hath many friends hath none.  -- Aristotle

He who hesitates is poor.  -- Max Bialystock

He who invents adages for others to peruse takes along rowboat when going on
cruise.

He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.

He who is most slow in making a promise, is the most faithful in the
performance of it.  -- Rousseau

He who laughs last probably doesn't understand the joke.

He who lives by the crystal ball soon learns to eat ground glass.
 -- Edgar R. Fiedler

He who possesses art and science has religion; he who does not possess them,
needs religion.  -- Goethe

He who receives a good turn should never forget it; he who does one should
never remember it.  -- Charron

He who reforms himself, has done more towards reforming the public, than a
crowd of noisy, impotent patriots.  -- Lavater

He who reigns within himself, and rules passions, desires and fears, is more
than a king.  -- Milton

He who sedulously attends, pointedly asks, calmly speaks, cooly answers, and
ceases when he has no more to say, is in possession of some of the best
requisites of man.  -- Lavater.

He who sees only half the problem will be buried in the other half.
 -- Richard N. Farmer

He who sees what comes out, and why, gains wisdom.  -- Richard N. Farmer

He who shouts loudest has the floor.

He who steals for others ends up being hanged for himself.

He who tells a lie is not sensible how great a task he undertakes; for he must
be forced to invent twenty more to maintain that one.  -- Alexander Pope

He who when called upon to speak a disagreeable truth, tells it boldly and has
done, is both bolder and milder than he who nibbles in a low voice and never
ceases nibbling.  -- Lavater

He who will not reason, is a bigot; he who cannot is a fool; and he who
dares not is a slave.  -- Sir William Drummond

He whose pride oppresses the humble may, perhaps, be humbled, but will never
be humble.  -- Lavater

He writes his plays for the ages--the ages between five and twelve.
 -- George Jean Nathan

He's a man out there in the blue, ridin' on a smile and a shoeshine ... a
salesman has got to dream, boys.  -- Arthur Miller

Hear one side, and you will be in the dark;
Hear both sides, and all will be in the clear.  -- Haliburton

Heat produced by pressure expands to fill the mind available, from which it
can pass only to a cooler mind.  -- C. Northcote Parkinson

Heaven from all creatures hides the book of fate,
All but the page prescribed, their present fate.  -- Alexander Pope

Heaven is above all yet; there sits a judge that no king can corrupt.
 -- Shakespeare

Heaven lies about us in our infancy.  -- Shakespeare

Heaven needs no press agent because it has no competition, but sin is
competitive.

Heaven's gates are not so highly arch'd as princes' palaces; they that enter
there must go upon their knees.  -- Webster

Heaven--it is God's throne.  The earth--it is His footstool.  -- Matthew V, 34

Hell hath no fury like a computer scorned.

Hell hath no fury like a pacifist.  -- Solomon Short

Hell is a place where the motorists are French, the policemen are German,
the traffic patterns are Bostonian, and the cooks are English.

Hell is not to love anymore.  -- Georges Bernanos

Hell is truth seen too late.  -- H. G. Adams

Help wanted--must be kindergarten graduate.

Help yourself, and Heaven will help you.  -- La Fontaine

Helping one another with simple chores, watching over each others homes,
sharing needs like food and firewood, simple fellowship. These things
make for true community spirit.  -- Conrad Meinecke

Henry James had a mind so fine that no idea could violate it.  -- T. S. Eliot

Henry James was one of the nicest old ladies I ever met.  -- William Faulkner

Her face was like an April morn,
Clad in a wint'ry cloud;
And clay-cold was her lily hand,
That held her sable shroud.  -- Mallet

Her lips are roses overwashed with dew.  -- Greene

Her tears her only eloquence.  -- Rogers

Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.

Here is the beginning of philosophy: a recognition of the conflicts between
men, a search for their cause, a condemnation of mere opinion ... and the
discovery of a standard of judgement.  -- Epictetus

Hereafter I'll be able to understand everything, taking all on trust.
 -- Tristan Corbiere

Herman's Rule:  If it works right the first time, obviously you've done
something wrong.

Heroism--the divine relation which in all times unites a great man to other
men.  -- Carlyle

Hey! Respect your elders.  Call me MR. Old Fart.  -- Dick Vignoni

Highways in worst need of repair naturally have low traffic counts, which
results in low priority for repair work.

His back against a rock he bore.
And firmly placed his foot before;
"Come one, come all!  This rock shall fly
From its firm base as soon as I."  -- Scott

His eye was blue and calm, as is the sky in the serenest noon.  -- Willis

His eyes have all the seeming of a demon's that is dreaming.  -- Edgar Allen Poe

His face was of the doubtful kind;
That wins the eye and not the mind.  -- Scott

His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.

His imagination resembles the wings of an ostrich.  -- Thomas Babington Macaulay

His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.

His style has the desperate jauntiness of a orchestra fiddling away for dear
life on a sinking ship.  -- Edmund Wilson

His zeal was hollow; his sermons were like students' songs imperfectly
recalled by a senile don.  -- John Rae

History books which contain no lies are extremely dull.

History does not record anywhere, at any time, a religion that has any
rational basis. Religion is a crutch for people not strong enough to face the
unknown without help. But like dandruff, most people do have a religion and
spend time and money on it and seem to derive considerable pleasure from
fiddling with it.  -- Lazarus Long

History makes men wise; poets, witty; the mathematics, subtile; natural
philosophy, deep; moral, grave; logic and rhetoric able to contend.  -- Bacon

History proves nothing.  -- Bill Gray

History repeats itself.  That's one of the things wrong with history.
 -- Clarence Darrow

History shows that money will multiply in volume and divide in value over the
long run.  Or expressed differently, the purchasing power of currency will
vary inversely with the magnitude of the public debt.  -- William H. Peterson

Hollywood's Iron Law:  Nothing succeeds like failure.

Honesty coupled to beauty is to have honey a sauce to sugar.  -- Shakespeare

Honor and shame from no condition rise;
Act well your part; there all the honesty lies.  -- Alexander Pope

Honor's a good brooch to wear in a man's hat at all times.  -- Jonson

Honor's a thing too subtle for wisdom; if honor lie in eating, he's right
honorable.  -- Beaumont and Fletcher

Hope for a miracle only after everything else has failed.

Hope is a flatterer, but the most upright of parasites; for she frequents the
poor man's hut, as well as the palace of his superior.  -- Shakespeare

Hope is like the cork to the net, which keeps the soul from sinking in despair;
and fear is like the lead to the net, which keeps it from floating in
presumption.  -- Watson

Hope is the fawining traitor of the mind, which, while it cozens with a color'd
friendship robs us of our best virtue--resolution.  -- Lee

Hope springs eternal in the human breast,
Man never is, but always to be blest.  -- Alexander Pope

Hope, of all passions, most befriends us here.  -- Young

Hospitality to the better sort, and charity to the poor; two virtues that are
never exercised so well as when they accompany each other.  -- Atterbury

How blest is he who crowns, in shades like these,
A youth of labor with an age of ease.  -- Oliver Goldsmith

How calmly may we commit ourselves to the hands of Him who bears up the world--
of Him who has created, and who provides for the joy even of insects, as
carefully as if He were their Father!  -- Richter

How can I miss you if you won't go away?

How difficult it is to save the bark of reputation from the rocks of ignorance.
 -- Petrarch

How do I get out of this, Munroe?  -- John Holz

How do you accomplish anything at all when the city treasury is so bare that
the addition of one coin will double its contents?

How do you spot a leader?  They come in all ages, shapes and conditions.  Some
are poor administrators, some are not overly bright.  One clue:  the true
leader can be recognized because somehow his people consistently turn in
superior performances.  -- Robert Townsend

How do you tell the difference between an electrical fire and a chemical fire?
You use a fire distinguisher, of course.  -- Dave Ascher

How do you uncover greatness in a city so poor that a man will provoke another
man into an argument just so that his donkey can be eating the other man's
grass while they argue?

How does a leader give proof of prowess in a place where a man was observed to
stand all of one morning waiting for a pear on a private tree to be blown off
by a wind into the street, thereby becoming public property?

How does one conduct great enterprises in a city where people trail oxen with a
broom and pan in hopes of getting a frees surprise?

How far high failure overleaps the bounds of low success.  -- Lewis Morris

How gaily a man wakes in the morning to watch himself keep on dying.
 -- Henry S. Haskins

How immense appear to us the sins that we have not committed.

How many "coming men" has one known!  Where on earth do they all go to?

How many New Yorkers does it take to change a light bulb?  Three.  One to
change the bulb, one to tell him how to do it, and one to tell him he's
doing it all wrong.  -- Dave Ascher

How many cowards, whose hearts are all false
As stairs of sand, wear yet upon their chins
The beards of Hercules, and frowning Mars;
Who inward search'd have livers white as milk?  -- Shakespeare

How many people live on the reputation of the reputation they might have made!
 -- Holmes

How much better it is to weep at joy than joy a weeping.  -- Shakespeare

How much do you think I'll get for my autobiography?  -- Arthur Bremer
(After his arrest for attempting to assassinate Governor George C. Wallace.)

How much lies in laughter; the cipher-key wherewith we decipher the whole man!
Some men wear an everlasting barren simper; in the smile of others lies the
cold glitter, as of ice; the fewest are able to laugh what can be called
laughing, but only shiff and titter and sniggle from the throat ourwards, or
at least produce some whiffing, husky cachinnation, as if they were laughing
through wool; of none such comes good.  The man who cannot laugh is only fit
for treasons, stratagems and spoils; but his own whole life is already a
treason and a stratagem.  -- Carlyle

How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.

How sharper then a serpent's tooth it is to have a thankless child.
 -- Shakespeare

How slow this old moon wanes!  she lingers my desires, like to a stepdame, or a
dowager, long withering out a young man's revenue.  -- Shakespeare

How still the evening is
As hush'd on purpose to grace harmony!  -- Shakespeare

How swiftly whirls the disk;
 Data leaps to the floating head
  And is known.

How you look depends on where you go.

However deceitful hope may be, yet she carries us on pleasently to the end of
life.  -- La Rochefoucauld

Human industry, if left to itself, will naturally find its way to the most
useful and profitable employment.  -- Adam Smith

Humankind cannot bear very much reality.  -- T. S. Eliot

Humility is a virtue all preach, none practice, and yet everybody is content to
hear.  The master thinks it good doctrine for his servant, the laity for the
clergy, and the clergy for the laity.  -- Selden

Humility is the better part of wisdom, and is most becoming in man.  But let
no one disparage self-reliance; it is, of all the rest, the greatest quality
of true manliness.  -- Ferenc Kossuth

Humor is an affirmation of dignity, a declaration of man's superiority to all
that befalls him.  -- Romain Gary

Humor is laughing at what you haven't got when you ought to have it.
 -- Langston Hughes

Humor is the sense of the Absurd, which is despair refusing to take itself
seriously.  -- Arland Ussher

Hunger is the best sauce.

Hunger is the best seasoning for meat, and thirst for drink.  -- Cicero

Hypocracy is the homage which vice pays to virtue.  -- La Rochefoucauld

Hypocrites do the devil's drudgery in Christ's livery.  -- Matthew Henry

Hypotheses multiply so as to fill the gaps in factual knowledge concerning
biological phenomena.  -- James D. Regan

I admire the person in charge of this organization. He is an artist at saying
nothing out of both sides of his face.

I am a firm believer in socialism and I know that the quicker you have monopoly
in this country the quicker you will have socialism.  -- Charles P. Steinmetz

I am a man; nothing human is alien to me.

I am against all hobbies.  I have been against ever since I figured out that
nothing I ever do is considered a hobby.  All my life I have had to fill out
forms that ask about hobbies.  I always wanted to write down "reading", but
reading is not a hobby.  If you collect books, that is a hobby.  If you
actually read them, it is not.  If you happen to watch a butterfly in a field,
that is not a hobby.  If you put a pin through its little heart, that is a
hobby.  -- Richard Cohen

I am but a gatherer, and a disposer of other men's stuff.  -- Watton

I am grateful for all my problems.  As each of them was overcome I became
stronger and more able to meet those yet to come.  I grew on all my
difficulties.  -- J. C. Penney

I am never less at leisure than when at leisure, nor less alone than when I am
alone.  -- Scipio Africanus

I am not a crook.  -- Richard M. Nixon

I am not senile.  -- Ronald W. Reagan

I am one who finds within me a nobility that spurns the idle pratings of the
great, and their mean boast of what their fathers were, while they themselves
are fools effeminate, the scorn of all who know the worth of mind and virtue.
 -- Percival

I am reading Henry James ... and feel myself as one entombed in a block of
smooth amber.  -- Virginia Woolf

I am so optimistic about beef prices that I've just leased a pot roast with
an option to buy.

I believe in heaven and hell--on earth.  -- Abraham L. Feinberg

I believe in instinct, not in reason. When reason is right, nine times out
of ten it is impotent, and when it prevails, nine times out of ten it is
wrong.  -- A. C. Benson

I believe that in actual fact, philosophy ranks before and above the natural
sciences.  -- Thomas Mann

I call a complete and generous education that which fits a man to perform
justly, skillfully, and magnanimously all the offices, both public and private,
of peace and war.  -- John Milton

I call them as I see them. If I can't see them, I make them up.  -- Biff Bulky

I can compare our rich misers to nothing so fitly as to a whale; that plays and
tumbles, driving the poor fry before him, and at last devours them all at a
mouthful.  -- Shakespeare

I can get no remedy against this consumption of the purse; borrowing only
lingers and lingers it out, but the disease is incurable.

I can't give you brains, but I can give you a diploma.  -- The Wizard of Oz

I can't help feeling a certain pride in the admiration of women. I suspect that
is one of my biggest failings.  -- Jose Torres

I cannot draw a cart, nor eat wild oats; if it be a man's work I will do it.
 -- Shakespeare

I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula
for failure--which is: Try to please everybody.  -- Herbert Bayard Swope

I claim not to have controlled events, but confess plainly that events have
controlled me.  -- Abraham Lincoln

I collided with a stationary truck coming the other way.

I consider your very testy and quarrelsome people in the same light as I do a
loaded gun, which may, by accident, go off and kill one.  -- Shenstone

I could hold every man a debtor to his profession; from the which as men of
course do seek to receive countenance and profit, so ought they of duty to
endeavor themselves by way of amends to be a help and ornament thereunto.
 -- Bacon

I could not love thee, dear, so much, loved I not honor more.
 -- Richard Lovelace

I could not say I believe. I know! I have had the experience of being gripped
by something that is stronger than myself, something that people call God.
 -- Carl Jung

I could prove God statistically.  -- George Gallup

I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.

I dip my pen in the blackest ink, because I am not afraid of falling into my
inkpot.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

I do not believe in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance.
 -- Thomas Carlyle

I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with
sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forego their use.
 -- Galileo Galilei

I do not know how it is with you, but for myself I generally give up at the
outset. The simplest problems which come up from day to day seem to me quite
unanswerable as soon as I try to get below the surface.
 -- Justice Learned Hand

I do not love a man who is zealous for nothing.  -- Oliver Goldsmith

I don't care how poor and inefficient a country is; they like to run their own
business.  I know men that would make my wife a better husband than I am; but,
darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.  -- Will Rogers

I don't even know what street Canada is on!  -- Al Capone

I don't know what's wrong with people!  All I ask them to do is exactly what I
tell them.

I don't know why it is that the religious never ascribe common sense to God.

I don't meet competition, I crush it.  -- Charles Revson

I don't mind being pampered, but I will NOT be possessed!!!

I don't remember ever having had the itch, and yet scratching is one of
nature's sweet pleasures, and so handy.

I earn what I eat, get what I wear, owe no man hate, envy no man's happiness,
glad of other men's good, content with my harm.  -- Shakespeare

I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.

I feel that the greatest reward for doing is the opportunity to do more.
 -- Jonas Salk

I find I always have to write something on a steamed mirror.  -- Elaine Dundy

I gave her the ring; she gave me the finger.

I gave my life to learning how to live. Now that I have organized it all it's
just about over.  -- Sandra Hochman

I had been driving my car for 40 years when I fell asleep at the wheel
and had an accident.

I had been shopping for plants all day and was on my way home. As I
reached an intersection a hedge sprung up obscuring my vision. I did
not see the other car.

I had rather a fool to make me merry, than experience to make me sad.
 -- Shakespeare

I had to hit him, he was starting to make sense.

I hardly know so true a mark of a little mind as the servile imitation of
another.  -- Greville

I have a SPONGE that's drier behind the ears than you are!

I have a feeling that at any time about three million Americans can be had
for any militant reaction against law, decency, the Constitution, the
Supreme Court, compassion and the rule of reason.  -- John Kenneth Galbraith

I have a fine sense of ridiculous, but no sense of humor.  -- Edward Albee

I have discovered the art of fooling diplomats: I speak the truth and they
never believe me.  -- Camillo Di Cavour

I have ever held it as a maxim, never to do that through another, which it was
possible for me to execute myself.  -- Montesquieu

I have learned this at least by my experiment: that if one advances confidently
in the direction of his dreams, and endeavors to live the life which he has
imagined, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
 -- Henry David Thoreau

I have lived long enough to know what I did not at one time believe--that no
society can be upheld in happiness and honor without the sentiment of
religion.  -- La Place

I have never been able to understand why it is that just because I am
unintelligible nobody can understand me.  -- Milton Mayer

I have somewhere seen it observed, that we should make the same use of a book
that the bee does of a flower:  she steals sweets from it, but does not harm
it.  -- Colton

I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when looked at
in the right way, did not become still more complicated.  -- Poul Anderson

I hold that man is in the right who is most closely in league with the future.
 -- Henrik Ibsen

I hope when you know the worst you will at once leap into the river and swim
through handsomely, and not, weather-beaten by the divers blasts of
irresolution, stand shivering on the bank.  -- Suckling

I hourly learn a doctrine of obedience.  -- Shakespeare

I just DON'T understand human behaviour.  -- C-3PO

I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance.  -- Socrates

I know who I am. Sometimes you go away, but I'm still here.
(said by one twin to her sister)

I like blood.  It's a primary color.

I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past.
 -- Thomas Jefferson

I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.

I loathe that low vice curiosity.  -- Lord Byron

I may not always be right, but I'm never wrong.  -- Sam Goldwyn

I must go seek some dew-drops here,
And hang a pearl in every cowslip's ear.  -- Shakespeare

I must have slipped a disk - my pack hurts.

I never could believe that Providence had sent a few men into the world ready
booted and spurred to ride, and millions ready saddled and bridled to be
ridden.  -- Richard Rumbold, on the scaffold

I never fail to convince an audience that the best thing they could do was to
go away.

I never knew the old gentleman with the scythe and hour-glass [to] bring 
anything but grey hairs, thin cheeks, and loss of teeth.  -- Dryden

I never knew whether to pity or congratulate a man coming to his senses.
 -- William Makepeace Thakeray

I never thought that inorganic
 Matter could attack a man.
That's why I'm in such a panic--
 I've just seen proof it can!

I never trust a man unless I've got his pecker in my pocket.
 -- Lyndon B. Johnson

I never wanted to see anybody die, but there are a few obituary notices I have
read with pleasure.  -- Clarence Darrow

I never yet heard man or woman much abused that I was not inclined to think the
better of them, and to transfer the suspicion or dislike to the one who found
pleasure in pointing out the defects of another.  -- Jane Porter

I noticed that some household columns suggest that people use elbow grease for
cleaning.  After a long and fruitless search, I still have been unable to
find this amazing product.  Could you tell me where to buy it?

I once had a dog who, like you, insisted on being cheerful in the morning. I
got rid of him by giving him to an immigrant Japanese family--and they ate
him.

I pulled away from the side of the road, glanced at my mother-in-law,
and headed over the embankment.

I question whether we can afford to teach mother macrame when Johnny still
can't read.  -- Governor Jerry Brown

I reject get-it-done, make-it-happen thinking. I want to slow things down so I
understand them better.  -- Governor Jerry Brown

I remember those happy days and often wish I could speak into the ears of the
dead the gratitude which was due to them in life and so ill-returned.
 -- Gwyn Thomas

I see a good deal of talk from Washington about lowering taxes.  I hope they
do get 'em lowered enough so people can afford to pay 'em.  -- Will Rogers

I see no wisdom in saving up indignation for a rainy day.  -- Heywood Broun
(If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings--including this one.)

I see that fashion wears out more apparel than the man.  -- Shakespeare

I see where we are starting to pay some attention to our neighbors to the
south.  We could never understand why Mexico wasn't just crazy about us; for
we have always had their good will, and oil and minerals, at heart.
 -- Will Rogers

I shall never ask, never refuse, never resign nor ever not run for re-election.
 -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

I thought my window was down, but found out it was up when I put my hand
through it.

I told the police that I was not injured, but on removing my hat I found that
I had a skull fracture.

I trust MY judgement. I'm not sure about yours.

I understand a fury in your words, but not your words.  -- Shakespeare

I was five years old before I realized there was no such thing as ALPO baby
food.  -- Rodney Dangerfield

I was on my way to the doctors with rear-end trouble when my universal joint
gave way causing me to have an accident.

I was unable to stop in time and my car crashed into the other vehicle. The
driver and passengers then left for a vacation with injuries.

I went to the race track once and bet on a horse that was so good that it took
seven others to beat him!

I will aggravate my voice so, that I will roar you as gently as any suckling
dove; I will roar you an 'twere any nightingale.  -- Shakespeare

I will fight it out at this line if it takes all summer.
 -- General Ulysses S. Grant

I will never lie to you.  -- James E. Carter

I will not be as those who spend the day in complaining of the head-ache, and
the night in drinking the wine that gives the headache.  -- Goethe

I will not quarrel with a slight mistake, such as our nature's frailty may
excuse.  -- Roscommon

I will roar, that it will do any man's heart good to hear me.  -- Shakespeare

I would call the Democratic Left in Latin America the group which secures
social advances for all the people in a framework of freedom and consent.
 -- Luis Munoz Marin

I would rather dwell in the dim fog of superstition than in air rarified to
nothing by the pump of unbelief; in which the panting breast expires, vainly
and convulsively gasping for breath.  -- Richter

I would suggest the taxation of all property equally whether church or
corporation.

I write long epigrams, you write nothing.  Yours are shorter.  -- Martial

I'd rather go whoring than warring.  -- Bill Gray

I'd rather have a bottle in front of me than a frontal lobotomy.

I'll pick up my papers,
 and smile at the sky.
I know that the hypnotized
 never lie.

I'll speak to it though hell itself should gape, and bid me hold my peace.
 -- Shakespeare

I'm #1! Why try harder?

I'm always easy. I'm NEVER cheap!!!  -- Dick Munroe

I'm going to get you for this, Croll!  -- John Holz

I'm no one's trophy!!!  -- Constance Barr

I'm not afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens.
 -- Woody Allen

I'm proud to be paying taxes in the United States. The only thing is--
I could be just as proud for half the money.  -- Arthur Godfrey

I've finally figured out why airports make you walk so far out to get to your
plane.  It's their way of giving your luggage a head start.

I've found my niche.  If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was this
little hole in the bottom ...  -- John Croll

I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.

I've got tears in my ears from lying on my back in my bed crying over you.

I've heard old cunning stagers
Say fools for arguments use wagers.  -- Butler

I've never been poor, only broke.  Being poor is a frame of mind.  -- Mike Todd

I've never known an instance in the history of our company where an
executive unloaded responsibilities and duties on one lower in the ranks,
that he did not find himself immediately loaded from above with greater
responsibility.  -- Arthur F. Hall

I've seen better heads on half a pint of beer.

I've spent a fortune on my kids' education, and a fortune on their teeth.
The difference is, they use their teeth.  -- Robert Orben

I've steered clear of God. He was an incredible sadist.

I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness;
And from that full meridian of my glory
I haste now to my setting.  I shall fall,
Like a bright exhalation in the evening
And no man see me more.  -- Shakespeare

IMPIETY: Your irreverence toward my deity.  -- Ambrose Bierce

IT'S HERE AT LAST: rush job; nobody knew it was coming.

Ideal goals grow faster than the means of attaining new goals allow.
 -- Mallory Wober

Idleness and pride tax with a heavier hand than kings and parliaments, which is
why we need a productivity rebate.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

Idleness is the holiday of fools.

Idleness travels very slowly, and poverty soon overtakes her.  -- Hunter

If "everybody knows" such and such, then it ain't so, by at least ten thousand
to one.

If A equals success, then the formula is A = X + Y + Z.  X is work.  Y is play.
Z is keep your mouth shut.  -- Albert Einstein

If Europe should ever be ruined, it will be by its warriors.  -- Montesquieu

If God shuts one door, he opens another.

If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?  -- Marvin Kitman

If I can catch him once upon the hip I will feed fat the ancient grudge I bear
him.  -- Shakespeare

If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
 -- Samuel Goldwyn

If I don't know your name, how am I supposed to tell my diary about you?

If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.

If I have been able to see farther than others, it was because I stood on the
shoulders of giants.  -- Sir Isaac Newton

If I may venture my own definition of a folk song, I should call it "an
individual flowering on a common stem."  -- Ralph Vaughan Williams

If I wished to punish a province, I would have it governed by philosophers.
 -- Frederick the Great

If Negro freedom is taken away, or that of any minority group, the freedom of
all the people is taken away.  -- Paul Robeson

If Noah had consulted with modern-day weather forecasters, there would have
been a ten-percent chance of him building the ark.  -- Jim Fiebig

If Patrick Henry thought that taxation without representation was bad, he
should see how bad it is WITH representation.

If a ball rims the cup, it is deemed to have dropped.  A ball should not go
sideways.  This violates the laws of physics.  -- Donald A. Metz

If a ball stops at the brink of the hole and hangs there, defying gravity, it
is deemed to have dropped.  You can't defy the law of gravity.
 -- Donald A. Metz

If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast is a
camel's behind.  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

If a course requires a prerequisite, a student will not have had it.
 -- M. M. Johnston

If a great deal of time has been expended seeking the answer to a problem,
with the only result being failure, the answer will be immediately obvious
to the first unqualified person who comes along.

If a jury in a criminal trial stays out for more than twenty-four hours, it is
certain to vote acquittal, save in those instances where it votes guilty.
 -- Joseph C. Goulden

If a man do not erect in this age his own tomb ere he dies, he shall live no
longer in monument than the bell rings, and the widow weeps.  -- Shakespeare

If a man does not make new acquaintances, as he advances through life, he soon
will find himself alone.  A man should keep his friendship in constant repair.
 -- Johnson

If a man is happy in his work--exerting himself to the full extent of his
capabilities, and enjoying it--I'd say he's a success.  -- William Romain

If a man will go as far as he can see, he will be able to see farther when he
gets there.

If a man would register all his opinions upon love, politics, religion, and
learning, what a bundle of inconsistencies and contradictions would appear
at last!  -- Jonathon Swift

If a political candidate chooses to go into specifics on a program that affects
a voter's self-interest, the voter get interested.  If the proposal involves
money, he gets very interested.  -- Stuart Spencer

If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.

If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.

If a putt passes over the hole without dropping, it is deemed to have dropped.
The law of gravity holds that any object attempting to maintain a position in
the atmosphere without something to support it must drop.  The law of gravity
supercedes the law of golf.  -- Donald A. Metz

If a research project is not worth doing at all, it is not worth doing well.

If a student has to study, he will claim that the course is unfair.
 -- M. M. Johnston

If a taxpayer thinks he can cheat safely, he probably will.  -- Diogenes

If a thing cannot be fitted into something smaller than itself some dope will
do it.  -- Eric Frank Russell

If a thing is done wrong often enough, it becomes right.  -- Richard A. Leahy

If a woman attended an American high school between 1930 and 1965, chances are
that no one paid attention to anything but her brains unless she took the
utmost care to conceal them.  -- Susan Jacoby

If all I'm offered is a choice between monopolistic privilege with regulation
and monopolistic privilege without regulation, I'm afraid I have to opt for
the former.  -- Nicholas Johnson

If all our misfortunes were laid in one common heap, whence everyone must take
an equal portion, most people would be contented to take their own and depart.
 -- Socrates

If all the Chinese simultaneously jumped into the Pacific off a 10 foot
platform erected 10 feet off their coast, it would cause a tidal wave that
would destroy everything in this country west of Nebraska.

If all the economists were laid end to end, they still wouldn't reach a
conclusion.  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

If all the people in this world in which we live were as selfish as a few of
the people in this world in which we live, there would be no world in which
to live.  -- W. L. Orme

If an apparently severe problem manifests itself, no solution is acceptable
unless it is involved, expensive, and time-consuming.

If an author write better than his contemporaries, they will term him a
plagiarist; if as well, a pretender; but if worse, he may stand some chance of
commendation as a genius of some promise, from whom much may be expected by a
due attention to their good counsel and advice.  -- Colton

If an editor can reject your paper, he will.  -- Maeve O'Connor

If an emergency strikes, a man should be able to leave his home with nothing
more than the clothes on his back without feeling that he has left something
behind.  -- Henry David Thoreau

If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.

If an instructor says, "It is obvious" it won't be.  -- M. M. Johnston

If an organization carries the word "united" in its name, it means it isn't,
e.g., United Nations, United Arab Republic, United Kingdom, United States.
 -- Professor Charles I. Issawi

If anger is not restrained, it is frequently more hurtful to us, than the
injury that provokes it.  -- Seneca

If another scientist thought your research was more important than his (or
hers), he would drop what he is doing and do what you are doing.

If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally
and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.  But let him ask in faith,
nothing wavering.  -- James I, 5,6

If anything can go wrong in an experiment, it will.

If anything can go wrong, it will.
 Corollary: If anything just can't go wrong, it will anyway.
 -- Francis P. Chisholm

If at first you don't succeed that is only to be expected--there is a little
bit of good even in the best of us. (No one is as good as he thinks he is.)

If at first you don't succeed, blame it on the teacher.  -- Stacey Bass

If at first you don't succeed, transform your data set.

If at first you don't succeed, try something else.  -- Laurance J. Peter

If at first you don't succeed, try, try, again. Then quit, no use being a damn
fool about things.  -- W. C. Fields

If at first you don't succeed, you must be doing something wrong.
 -- Charles Merrill Smith

If at first you don't succeed, you will never succeed.

If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.

If beauty is only skin deep, you must have been born inside out.

If both Alsops say it's true, it can't be so.  -- John Kenneth Galbraith

If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, the first
woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.  -- Gerald Weinberg

If enough reports are prepared and technical reviews are held, negative
information will always filter its way to senior management.
 -- Richard F. Moore

If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.

If facts do not conform to theory, they must be disposed of.  -- N. R. F. Maier

If for every rule there is an exception, then we have established that there is
an exception to every rule.  If we accept "For every rule there is an
exception" as a rule, then we must concede that there may not be an exception
after all, since the rule states that there is always the possibility of
exception, and if we follow it to its logical end we must agree that there can
be an exception to the rule that for every rule there is an exception.
 -- Bill Boquist

If good intentions are combined with stupidity, it is impossible to outthink
them.  -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

If he [a generalist] delights to find a law he is ecstatic when he finds a law
about laws. If laws in his eyes are good, laws about laws are delicious and
are most praiseworthy objects of search.  -- Boulding

If he had been born God, it was the clowns who would occupy the lowest rungs
of hell.

If he had two ideas in his head, they would fall out with each other.
 -- Johnson

If history repeats itself, and the unexpected always happens, how incapable
must man be of learning from experience.

If humanity profits from its mistakes, we have a glorious future coming up.

If it can be borrowed and it can be broken, you will borrow it and you will
break it.  -- W. W. Chandler

If it can be understood, it's not finished yet.  -- Paul Herbig

If it can break, it will, but only after the warranty expires.
 -- Sherry Graditor

If it can't be expressed in figures, it is not science; it is opinion.
 -- Lazarus Long

If it happens, it must be possible.

If it is generally known what one is supposed to be doing, then someone will
expect him to do it.  -- Merle P. Martin

If it jams ... force it.  If it breaks, it needed replacing anyway.

If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.

If it tastes good, you can't have it.  If it tastes awful, you'd better clean
your plate.

If it works well, they'll stop making it.

If it works, don't fix it.  -- William O'Neill

If it's good, they'll stop making it.  -- Herblock

If lawyers are disbarred and clergymen defrocked, doesn't it follow
that electricians can be delighted; musicians denoted; cowboys deranged;
models deposed; tree surgeons debarked and dry cleaners depressed?
 -- Virginia Ostman

If life were a bed of roses, some people wouldn't be happy until they
developed an allergy.

If love makes the world go 'round,
Why are we going to outer space?  -- Margaret Gilman

If no one uses something, it isn't needed.  -- Robert Sommer

If nobody uses it, there's a reason.  -- Jane Bryant Quinn

If nuclear ... therefore it must be bad;
Denounce such power with a protest squeal.
The scientists made it (surely they're all mad),
It's better not to think and just to feel.  -- Jack Kirwan

If on an actuarial basis there is a 50/50 chance that something will go
wrong, it actually will go wrong nine times in ten.

If one only wished to be happy, this could be easily accomplished; but we
wish to be happier than other people, and this is always difficult, for we
believe others to be happier than they are.  -- Montesquieu

If only one parking space is available it will have a blue curb (blue curbs are
reserved for "STAFF").  -- M. M. Johnston

If our standard of living gets much higher, most of us won't be able to afford
it.

If ridicule were employed to laugh men out of vice and folly, it might be of
some use; but it is made use of to laugh men out of virtue and good sense,
by attacking everything solemn and serious.  -- Addison

If solid happiness we prize,
Within our breast this jewel lies,
And they are fools who roam;
The world has nothing to bestow;
From our own selves our joys must flow
And that dear hut--our home.  -- Cotton

If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.

If some stress is brought to bear on a system in equilibrium, the equilibrium
is displaced in the direction which tends to undo the effect of the stress.

If someone with a rural accent says, "I don't know anything about politics,"
zip up your pockets.  -- Donald Rumsfeld

If that's art, I'm a Hottentot!  -- Harry S. Truman

If the assumptions are wrong, the conclusions aren't likely to be very good.
 -- Robert E. Machol

If the average man is made in God's image, then such a man as Beethoven or
Aristotle is plainly superior to God.

If the converse of a statement is absurd, the original statement is an insult
to the intelligence and should never have been said.  -- Arthur H. Boultbee
(This is best applied to the statements of politicians and TV pundits.)

If the dove chooses to fly with the hawks his feathers stay white but his heart
turns black.

If the enterprise dies, say that you saw it coming ages ago.
 -- Jean-Charles Terrassier

If the meek shall inherit the Earth, what will happen to us Tigers?

If the newspapers of a country are filled with good news, the jails will be
filled with good people.  -- Daniel P. Monynihan

If the people are to be the governors, who then shall be the governed?
 -- Cotton Mather

If the people in a democracy are allowed to do so, they will vote away the
freedoms which are essential to that democracy.  -- Snell Putney

If the wicked flourish, and thou suffer, be not discouraged.  They are fatted
for destruction:  thou are dieted for health.  -- Fuller

If the work of God could be comprehended by reason, it would be no longer
wonderful, and faith would have no merit if reason provided proof.
 -- Pope Gregory I

If the world like it not, so much the worse for them.  -- Cowper

If there are twelve clowns in a ring, you can jump in the middle and start
reciting Shakespeare, but to the audience, you'll just be the thirteenth
clown.  -- Adam Walinsky

If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will go
wrong first will be the one that will do the most damage.

If there is a wrong thing to say, one will.  -- Betty Hartig

If there is an opportunity to make a mistake, sooner or later the mistake will
be made.  -- Edmund C. Berkeley

If there is any way to do it wrong, you will.

If there is anything education does not lack today, it is critics.
 -- Nathan M. Pusey

If there is no reason why something shouldn't exist, then it must exist.
 -- Murray Gell-Mann

If there isn't a law, there will be.  -- Harold Faber

If things are not going well with you, begin your effort at correcting the
situation by carefully examining the service you are rendering, and
especially the spirit in which you are rendering it.  -- Roger Babson

If things can go wrong, they will--and when they do, blame it on the oil
industry.

If things were left to chance, they'd be better.

If thou art a master, be sometimes blind; if a servant, sometimes deaf.
 -- Fuller

If thou hast a loitering servant, send him on thy errand just before his
dinner.  -- Fuller

If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.  -- Laurence J. Peter

If ugly was labor, you'd be a long day's work.

If we could read the secret history of our enemies, we should find in
each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility.
 -- Longfellow

If we did not take great pains, and were not at great expense to corrupt our
nature, our nature would never corrupt us.  -- Lord Clarendon

If we had no defects ourselves, we should not take so much pleasure in noting
those of others.  -- La Rochefoucauld

If we in business cannot put the brakes on this creeping socialism, the free
enterprise system will become a thing of the past.  -- Barton A. Cummings

If you accept the necessity for freedom of expression, it follows that in an
intellectual controversy any attempt to coerce rather than to persuade ...
is not merely an offense against the person so coerced, but an erosion of the
mechanics which make free expression work, and therefore make it possible.
 -- Micheal Kinsley

If you add only a little to a little and do this often, soon that little will
become great.  -- Hesiod

If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it.  Quit work and play
for once.

If you anticipate bus delays by leaving your house thirty minutes early, your
bus will arrive as soon as you reach the bus stop or when you light up a
cigarette, whichever comes first.  -- John Corcoran

If you are brave too often, people will come to expect it of you.
 -- Mignon McLaughlin

If you are concerned about being criticized, you're in the wrong job.  However
you vote, and whatever you do, somebody will be out there telling you that you
are: (a) wrong, (b) insensitive, (c) a bleeding heart, (d) a pawn of somebody
else, (e) too wishy-washy, (f) too unwilling to compromise, (g) all of the
above--consistency is not required of critics.  -- Pierre S. du Pont

If you are to understand others, and have them understand you, know the big
words but use the small ones.

If you break a cup or plate, it will not be the one that was already chipped or
cracked.  -- Denys Parsons

If you call a tail a leg, how many legs has a dog?  Five?
No, four. Calling a tail a leg doesn't make it a leg.  -- Abraham Lincoln

If you can give your son only one gift, let it be enthusiasm.  -- Bruce Barton

If you can keep your head when all about you others are losing theirs, maybe
you just don't understand the situation.

If you can't beat them, have them join you.  -- Charles Wolf, Jr.

If you can't convince them, confuse them.  -- Harry S. Truman

If you can't do anything about something, pretend it doesn't exist.

If you can't measure it, I'm not interested.  -- Lawrence J. Peter

If you can't remember it, it couldn't have been important.  -- Larry Groebe

If you continually give you will continually have.

If you cover a congressional committee on a regular basis, they will report the
bill on your day off.  -- Herb Foster

If you destroy delicacy and a sense of shame in a young girl, you deprave her
very fast.  -- Mrs. Stowe

If you develop rules, never have more than ten.  -- Donald Rumsfeld

If you disregard the advice of Gen. Douglas MacArthur and go into the quicksand
of an Asian country, like a domino you will fall into the quicksand of another
Asian country next to it.  -- Andrew Jacobs, D-Ind.

If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.  -- Clarence Day

If you don't know what your program is supposed to do, you'd better not start
writing it.  -- Dijkstra

If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question.
 -- Charles C. Abbott

If you don't like the weather in New England, wait fifteen minutes; it will
change.  -- Mark Twain

If you don't like the weather, move.

If you don't like yourself, you can't like other people.

If you don't say it, they can't repeat it.  -- Wilbur C. Munnecke

If you have to forecast, forecast often.  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

If you go on a trip taking two bags with you, one containing everything you
need for the trip and the other containing absolutely nothing, the second bag
will be completely filled with junk acquired on the trip when you return.
 -- Tony Hogg

If you had your life to live over again--you'd need more money.

If you have always done it that way, it is probably wrong.
 -- Charles F. Kettering

If you have something to do, and you put it off long enough, chances are
someone else will do it for you.  -- Clyde F. Adams

If you have to ask, you're not entitled to know.  -- Charles C. Abbott

If you have to scream, you're not doing it right.  -- Billy Martin

If you have to think about it, it's too late.

If you have too many problems, maybe you should go out of business.  There is
no law that says a company must last forever.

If you jot down every silly thought that pops into your mind, you will soon
find out everything you most seriously believe.  -- Mignon McLaughlin

If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot
yourself in the posterior.  -- A. J. Liebling

If you lend a person any money, it becomes lost for any purposes of your own.
When you ask for it back again, you find a friend made an enemy by your own
kindness.  If you bagin to press still further--either you must part with that
which you have intrusted, or else you must lose that friend.  -- Plautus

If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist, he'll get rich or famous or
both.  -- James C. Hagerty,

If you make a mistake you right it immediately to the best of your ability.

If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with
it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.  -- Will Rogers

If you make money your god, it will plague you like the devil.  -- Fielding

If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you
really make them think they'll hate you.

If you need a physician, employ these three--a cheerful mind, rest, and a
temperate diet.

If you pick up a dog and make him prosper he will not bite you. This is the
basic difference between dogs and humans.  -- Mark Twain

If you play with anything long enough, it will break.  -- Louis Zahner

If you play with something long enough, you will surely break it.

If you push something hard enough it will fall over.

If you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out but tomfoolery.  But
this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow
ennobled, and no one dares to criticize it.  -- Pierre Gallois

If you rob Peter to pay Paul, you can always depend on the support of Paul.
(But don't bet on it.)

If you see a man approaching you with the obvious intent of doing you good, you
should run for your life.  -- Henry David Thoreau

If you see that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go
wrong, and you circumvent these, then a fifth way, unprepared for, will
promptly develop.

If you stop to think about it, you're already dead.

If you submit your paper to a second editor, his journal invariably demands an
entirely different reference system.  -- Maeve O'Conner

If you suspect a man, don't employ him.

If you take off your right-hand glove in very cold weather, the key will
be in your left-hand pocket.

If you take pleasure in criticism, it's time to hold your tongue.

If you take your boots off, you'll never get them back on again.  -- Milt Barber

If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.  -- Derek Bok

If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
 -- Arthur Kasspe

If you think this is funny, look in a mirror.

If you try to please everybody, somebody is not going to like it.
 -- Donald Rumsfeld

If you want a track team that will win the high jump, you find one person who
can jump seven feet, not seven people who can jump one foot.
 -- Frederick E. Terman

If you want enemies, excel others; if you want friends let others excel you.
 -- Colton

If you want something done, ask a busy person.

If you want to get along, go along.  -- Sam Rayburn

If you want to kill any idea in the world today, get a committee working on it.
 -- Charles F. Kettering

If you want to make an enemy, do someone a favor.  -- Charles L. Geanangel

If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the
Constitution. (It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's
statecraft.)  Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone
directory containing listings for all the organizations with titles beginning
with the word "National."  -- George Will

If you want your name spelled wrong, die.  -- Al Blanchard

If you were a character string, your length would be zero.

If you were as innocent as you pretend to be, we'd never get anywhere.
 -- Sam Spade

If you wish to make a superior product, you must already be engaged in making
an inferior product.  -- Jacob A. Varela

If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.

If you wish to, you will have a good opportunity to get even.

If you wish, you will have an opportunity.

If you would be pungent, be brief; for it is with words as with sunbeams--the
more they are condensed the deeper they burn.  -- Southey

If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.

If you're already in a hole, there's no use to continue digging.
 -- Roy W. Walters

If you're coasting, you're going downhill.  -- L. R. Pierson

If you're confident after you've just finished an exam, it's because you don't
know enough to know better.  -- Jay Weisman

If you're ever right, never let 'em forget it.  -- Edgar R. Riedler

If you're doing something the same way you have been doing it for ten years, the
chances are you are doing it wrong.  -- Charles Kettering

If your friend won't lend you fifty dollars, he's probably a close friend.

If your next pot of chili tastes better, it probably is because of something
you left out.

If your parents didn't have any children, there's a good chance you won't have
any.  -- Clarence Day

If your stomach disputes you, pacify it with cool thoughts.  -- Satchel Paige

If, after I depart this vale, you ever remember me and have thought to
please my ghost, forgive some sinner and wink your eye at some homely
girl.  -- H. L. Mencken

Ignorance is no excuse.

Ignorance of one's ignorance is the greatest ignorance.

Illegetimus non carborundum!

Imagination is the beginning of creation.  You imagine what you desire; you
will what you imagine; and at last you create what you will.
 -- George Bernard Shaw

Immodest words admit of no defence
For want of decency is want of sense.  -- Alexander Pope

Impatience tires the blood sooner than age or sorrow.  -- Creon

Important things that are supposed to happen do not happen, especially when
people are looking.  -- Charles Fetridge

Impossible is a word only to be found in the dictionary of fools.
 -- Napoleon Bonaparte

Impropriety is the soul of wit.  -- Somerset Maugham

In Africa some of the native tribes have a custom of beating the ground with
clubs and uttering spine chilling cries.  Anthropologists call this a form of
primitive self-expression.  In America we call it golf.

In America everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since
all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors,
for, from the time of Jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal
applies only upwards, not downwards.  -- Bertrand Russell

In Fame's temple there is always a niche to be found for rich dunces,
importunate scoundrels or successful butchers of the human race.  -- Zimmermam

In God we trust, all others pay cash.

In a Democracy only those laws which have their bases in folkways or the
approval of strong groups have a chance of being enforced.  -- Abraham Myerson

In a bureaucracy accomplishment is inversely proportional to volume of paper
used.  -- Foster L. Fowler

In a bureaucracy every routing slip will expand until it contains the maximum
number of names that can be typed in a vertical column, namely, twenty-seven.
 -- Daniel Melcher

In a bureaucratic system an increase in expenditure will be matched by a fall
in production.  Such systems will act rather like "black holes" in the
economic universe, simultaneously sucking in resources and shrinking in terms
of "emitted" production.  -- Dr. Max Gammon

In a bureaucratic system, useless work drives out useful work.
 -- Milton Friedman

In a country as big as the United States, you can find fifty examples of
anything.  -- Jeffery F. Chamberlain

In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative courses of
action, most people will choose the worst one possible.  -- S. A. Rudin

In a democracy you can be respected though poor, but don't count on it.
 -- Charles Merrill Smith

In a family argument, if it turns out you are right--apologize at once!
 -- Lazarus Long

In a few minutes a computer can make a mistake so great that is would take a
man many months to equal it.

In a future life, may you come back as yourself.

In a hierarchical organization, the higher the level, the greater the confusion.

In a mature society, "civil servant" is semantically equal to "civil master."
 -- Lazarus Long

In a medium in which a News Piece takes a minute and an "In-Depth" Piece takes
two minutes, the Simple will drive out the Complex.  -- Frank Mankiewicz

In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus,
"one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."  -- Mark Twain

In a research and development orbit, only two of the existing three parameters
can be defined simultaneously.  The parameters are: task, time, and resources.
  If you are given a clearly defined R&amp;D goal and a definite amount of money
which has been calculated to be necessary for the completion of the task, one
cannot predict if and when the goal will be reached.
 If the time and resources ($) are clearly defined, then it is impossible to
know what part of the R&amp;D task will be performed.
 If one knows what the task is, and there is a time limit allowed for the
completion of the task, then one cannot guess how much it will cost.
 If one is lucky enough and can accurately define all three of these
parameters, task, time, and resources, then what one deals with is not
the realm of R&amp;D.

In a restaurant with seats which are close to each other, one will always find
the decibel level of the nearest conversation to be inversely proportional to
the quality of the thought going into it.  -- Stuart A. Cohn

In a vain man, the smallest spark may kindle into the greatest flame, because
the materials are always prepared for it.  -- Hume

In all systems of theology the devil figures as a male person. Yet, it is
women who keep the church going.

In all the many-colored worlds of the universe no single ethical code shows a
universal force. ... I am convinced that virtue is but a reflection of good
intent.  -- Magnus Ridolf

In an attempt to kill a fly I drove into a telephone pole.

In an underdeveloped country, don't drink the water; in a developed country,
don't breathe the air.

In an underdeveloped country, when you are absent, your job is taken away from
you; in a developed country a new one is piled on you.
 -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

In any collection of data, the figures that are obviously correct will contain
errors.

In any decision situation, the amount of relevant information available is
inversely proportional to the importance of the decision.
 -- Michael T. Minerath

In any given group, the most will do the least and the least the most.
 -- Merle P. Martin

In any given miscalculation, the fault will never be placed if more than one
person is involved.  -- Merle P. Martin

In any household, junk accumulates to fill the space available for its storage.
 -- Bruce O. Boston

In any human enterprise, work seeks the lowest hierarchical level.
 -- Charles R. Vail

In any organization, the potential is much greater for the subordinate to
manage his superior than for the superior to manage his subordinate.

In any slide presentation, at least one slide will be upside down or backwards,
or both.  -- John Corcoran

In arguing, too, the parson owned his skill, for even tho' vanquish'd he could
argue still.  -- Oliver Goldsmith

In briefings to busy people, summarize at the beginning what you're going to
tell them, then tell them, then summarize at the end what you have told them.
 -- Charles Wolf, Jr.

In business, price increases as service declines.  -- James L. Davis

In case of doubt--make it sound convincing.

In case of nuclear attack:
1. Stand with feet shoulder width apart.
2. Bend over to a 90 degree angle.
3. Face backwards.
4. Kiss your ass goodbye.

In dealing with people, an ounce of sincere, good intentions is worth a pound
of cleverness.

In dealing with the press do yourself a favor.  Stick with one of three
responses:  (a) I know and I can tell you. (b) I know and I can't tell you.
(c)  I don't know.  -- Dan Rather

In dealing with their own problems, faculty members are the most extreme
conservatives.  In dealing with other people's problems, they are the world's
extreme liberals.  -- Clark Kerr

In differing breasts what differing passions glow!
Ours kindle quick, but yours extinguish slow.  -- Garth

In every hierarchy, whether it be government or business, each employee tends
to rise to his level of incompetence; every post tends to be filled by an
employee incompetent to execute its duties.  -- Laurance J. Peter

In every work of genius we recognize our own rejected thoughts; they come back
to us with a certain alienated majesty.

In formal logic, a contradiction is the signal of defeat:  but in the evolution
of real knowledge, it marks the first step in progress toward victory.
 -- Alfred North Whitehead

In handling a stinging insect, move very slowly.  -- Lazarus Long

In his private heart no man much respects himself.  -- Mark Twain

In larger things we are convivial;
What causes trouble is the trivial.  -- Richard Armour

In lover's quarrels, the party that loves most is always most willing to
acknowledge the greater fault.  -- Scott

In matters of dispute, the bank's balance is always smaller than yours.
 -- Rozanne Weissman

In morals, what begins in fear usually ends in wickedness; in religion, what
begins in fear usually ends in fanaticism.  Fear, either as a principle or a
motive, is the beginning of all evil.  -- Mrs. Jameson

In my Lucia's absence
Life hangs upon me, and becomes a burden;
I am ten times undone, while hope, and fear,
And grief, and rage and love rise up at once,
And with variety of pain distract me.  -- Joseph Addison

In my stars I am above thee, but be not afraid of greatness; some are born
great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
 -- Shakespeare

In my view, God educates us through our deceptions and mistakes, in order to
make us understand at last that we ought to believe only in Him, and not in
man.

In order to discover anything you must be looking for something.
 -- Harvey Neville

In order to get a loan, you must first prove you don't need it.  -- John Cameron

In order to keep engineers and scientists cognizant of the importance of
progress, load them down with forms, multiple reports, and frequent meetings.
 -- Richard F. Moore

In order to make [a person] covet a thing, it is only necessary to make the
thing difficult to attain.  -- Samuel Clemens

In our haste to deal with the things that are wrong, let us not upset the
things that are right.

In politics, an absurdity is not a handicap.  -- Napoleon Bonaparte

In politics, what begins in fear usually ends in folly.  -- Coleridge

In science the credit goes to the man who convinces the world, not to the
man to whom the idea first occurs.  -- Sir William Osler

In spite of all the yearnings of men, no one can produce a single fact or
reason to support the belief in God and in personal immortality.

In the battle of existence, Talent is the punch; Tact is the clever footwork.

In the bottle, discontent seeks for comfort, cowardice for courage, and
bashfulness for confidence.  -- Johnson

In the economic sense, our socialism was more like state capitalism ... Marx
had never dreamed of anything of the sort ... Soviet Russia had broken with
everything in her history that was revolutionary, and had got onto the usual
rails of great-power imperialism.  -- Svetlana Alliluyeva

In the education of children there is nothing like alluring the interest and
affection; otherwise you only make so many asses laden with books.
 -- Michel de Montaigne

In the end more than they wanted freedom, they wanted security.  When the
Athenians finally wanted not to give to society but for society to give to
them, when the freedom they wished for was freedom from responsibility, then
Athens ceased to be free.  -- Edward Gibbon

In the fight between you and the world, back the world.  -- Franz Kafka

In the game of life it's a good idea to have a few early losses, which
relieves you of the pressure of trying to maintain an undefeated season.
 -- Bill Vaughan

In the gates of Eternity, the black hand and the white hand hold each other
with an equal clasp.  -- Mrs. Stowe

In the intercourse of life we please, often, by our defects than by our good
qualities.  -- La Rochefoucauld

In the lexicon of youth, which fate reserves for a bright manhood, there is no
such word as fail.  -- Bulwer

In the long run we are all dead.  -- John Maynard Keynes

In the nice bee what sense so subtly true
Form pois'ness herbs extract the healing dew?  -- Alexander Pope

In the republic of mediocrity, genius is dangerous.

In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has
shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles. Therefore, ... in the Old
Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred
thousand miles long, ... seven hundred and forty-two years from now the
Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long. ... There is
something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesome returns of
conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.  -- Mark Twain

In this world nothing is certain but death and taxes and an occasional salutary
recession.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes.  -- Benjamin Franklin

In time of trouble, men of talent are called for, but in times of ease the rich
and those with powerful relatives are desired.  -- Italo Bombolini

In time, and as one comes to benefit from experience, one learns that things
will turn out neither as well as one hoped nor as badly as one feared.
 -- Jerome S. Bruner

In times of crisis, it is of utmost importance not to lose one's head.
 -- Marie Antoinette

In unanimity there may well be either cowardice or uncritical thinking.
 -- Donald Rumsfeld

In war, when a commander becomes so bereft of reason and perspective that he
fails to understand the dependence of arms on Divine guidance, he no longer
deserves victory.  -- Gen. Douglas MacArthur

If you can't measure output, then you can't measure input.  -- Charles Schultze

Include me out.  -- Sam Goldwyn

Incompetence knows no barriers of time or place.  -- Laurance J. Peter

Incompetence tends to increase with the level of work performed.  And,
naturally, the individual's staff needs will increase as his level of
incompetence increases.  -- Arthur J. Riggs

Incompetents often hire able assistants.  -- Douglas Evelyn

Indifference is the only sure defence.  -- Jody Powell

Indolence is a delightful but distressing state; we must be doing something to
be happy.  Action is no less necessary than thought to the instinctive
tendencies of the human frame.  -- Mahatma Gandhi

Infant care has to be learned from the bottom up.

Inflation is when the only thing free of charge is a rundown battery.

Information flows efficiently through organizations, except that bad news
encounters high impedance in flowing upwards.  -- Paul Gray

Information travels more surely to those with a lesser need to know.
 -- Charles P. Boyle

Innocence is always unsuspicious.  -- Haliburton

Innovations in law, whether good or bad, spin an entangling weave far more
often than they sew a straight stitch.  Division of labor can make for great
efficiency; too great a division of labor in lawmaking can instead create a
crazy quilt.  -- Michael Scully

Inquisitive people are the funnels of conversation; they do not take in
anything for their own use, but merely to pass it to another.  -- Steele

Insanity is often the logic of an accurate mind overtaxed.
 -- Oliver Wendell Holmes

Inside every large program is a small program struggling to get out.
 -- Tony Hoare

Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't they
pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything?
If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five years we would
have the smartest race of people on earth.  -- Will Rogers

Integrity has no need of rules.  -- Albert Camus

Interrogator's lunch--grilled cheese  -- Raymond D. Love

Inventing is easy for staff outfits.  Stating a problem is much harder.
Instead of stating problems, people like to pass out half-accurate statements
together with half-available solutions which they can't finish and which they
want you to finish.  -- Amrom Katz

Investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the probable cost of
errors, or somebody insists on getting some useful work done.  -- Tom Gibb

Is it bang for the buck, or pennies for a pop?

Is not absence death to those who love?  -- Alexander Pope

Is not light grander than fire?  It is the same element in a state of purity.
 -- Carlyle

Is there anything in the universe more beautiful and protective than the
simple complexity of a spider's web?  -- Charlotte

Is there no way to bring home a wandering sheep, but by worring him to death?
 -- Fuller

Isn't every computer a Digital computer?

Isn't this a beautiful day!  Just watch some bastard louse it up.

It does not matter if you fall down as long as you pick up something from
the floor while you get up.  -- Avery

It gives me pleasure to be praised by you whom all men praise.  -- Tully

It has been said that there are two theories of history:  conspiracy and
blunder.  If there is some truth to that, it is surely equally true that
blunder seldom receives all the credit due it as an explanation of complex
events.  -- Michael Scully

It has long been known that one horse can run faster than another--but which
one? Differences are crucial.  -- Lazarus Long

It is Fortune, not wisdom that rules man's life.

It is a blessed thing that in every age someone has had the individuality
enough and courage enough to stand by his own convictions.
 -- Robert G. Ingersoll

It is a far, far better thing to have a firm anchor in nonsense than to put
out on the troubled seas of thought.  -- John Kenneth Galbraith

It is a good divine that follows his own instructions.  -- Shakespeare

It is a great and dangerous error to suppose that all people are equally
entitled to liberty.  -- John C. Calhoun

It is a great misfortune neither to have enough wit to talk well nor enough
judgement to be silent.  -- Jean de La Brupere

It is a miserable thing to live in suspense, it is the life of the spider.
 -- Jonathon Swift

It is a mistake to believe that a science consists in nothing but conclusively
proved propositions, and it is unjust to demand that it should.  It is a
demand only from those who feel a craving for authority in some form and a
need to replace the religious catechism by something else, even if it be a
scientific one.  -- Sigmund Freud

It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.

It is a secret known to but a few, yet no small use in the conduct of life,
that if you fall into a man's conversation, the first thing you should
consider is, whether he has a greater inclination to hear you, or that you
should hear him.  -- Steele

It is a special trick of low cunning to squeeze out knowledge from a modest
man, who is eminent in any science, and then to use it as legally acquired,
and pass the source in total silence.  -- Horace Walpole

It is a very sad thing nowadays there is so little useless information.
 -- Oscar Wilde

It is against the nature of man as he grows older ... to protest against
change, particularly change for the better.  -- John Steinbeck

It is almost impossible systematically to constitute a natural moral law.
Nature has no principles. She furnishes us with no reason to believe that
human life is to be respected. Nature, in her indifference, makes no
distinction between good and evil.

It is amusing for someone accustomed to the traffic in New York to hear
residents of places like Houston and Atlanta complain about congestion on the
highways.  Imagine, in rush hour they have to slow down to 35 miles an hour!
 -- Barry Bruce-Briggs

It is best to hope only for things possible and probable; he that hopes too
much shall deceive himself at last; especially if his industry does not go
along with his hopes; for hope without action is a barren undoer.  -- Feltham

It is better for a city to be governed by a good man than by good laws.
 -- Aristotle

It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming
up it.  -- Henry Allen

It is better to be always on your guard than to suffer once.

It is better to be feared than loved, more prudent to be cruel than
compassionate.  -- Niccolo Machievelli

It is better to burn out than fade away.  -- Neil Young

It is better to decide between our enemies than our friends; for one of our
friends will most likely become our enemy; but on the other hand, one of your
enemies will probably become your friend.  -- Bias

It is better to have a lion at the head of an army of sheep, than a sheep at
the head of an army of lions.  -- De Foe

It is better to have loved and lost,
Than never to have loved at all.  -- Tennyson

It is better to have nothing to do than to be doing nothing.  -- Attilus

It is better to sound a person with whom one deals afar off, than to fall upon
the point at first.  -- Bacon

It is better to wear out than to rust out.

It is but poor eloquence, which only shows that the orator can talk.
 -- Sir Joshua Reynolds

It is by acts and not by ideas that people live.  -- Anatole France

It is by the goodness of God that in our country we have those three
unspeakably precious things:  freedom of speech, freedom of conscience, and
the prudence never to practice either of them.  -- Mark Twain

It is courage the world needs, not infallibility ... courage is always the
surest wisdom.  -- Sir Wilfred Grenfell

It is customary for a decimal to be misplaced.

It is difficult to soar with eagles when you work with turkeys.

It is easier to harness human nature than to fight or repress it.

It is easier to run down a hill than up one.

It is easy to understand God as long as you don't try to explain Him.

It is excellent to have a giant's strength, but is tyrannous to use it like a
giant.  -- Shakespeare

It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.

It is far easier to be wise for others than to be so for oneself.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

It is far easier to know men than to know man.  -- La Rochefoucauld

It is far more easy to acquire a fortune like a knave than to expend it like a
gentleman.  -- Colton

It is fear that first brought gods into the world.

It is good that the young are beautiful; it is the only advantage they have.
 -- The Duchess of Windsor

It is hard for an empty bag to stand upright.  -- Benjamin Franklin

It is hardly possible to suspect another without having in one's self the seeds
of the baseness the other party is accused of.  -- Stanislaus

It is impossible for a man to love his wife whole-heartedly without loving all
women somewhat. I suppose that the converse must be true of women.
 -- Lazarus Long

It is impossible that anything so natural, so necessary, and so universal as
death, should ever have been designed by Providence as an evil to mankind.
 -- Jonathon Swift

It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.

It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
 -- Woody Allen

It is impossible to make anything foolproof, because fools are so ingenious.

It is impossible to make people understand their ignorance, for it requires
knowledge to perceive it; and, therefore, he that can perceive it hath it
not.  -- Jeremy Taylor

It is in his pleasures that a man really lives, it is from his leisure that he
constructs the fabric of self.  -- Agnes Repplier

It is in the nature of mobs to cheer fools.

It is inconceivable that three competing networks, working independently in
complete secrecy, could produce by accident twenty-six new series so similar
in quality.  -- Marvin Kitman

It is morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.

It is more disgraceful to distrust than to be decieved by our friends.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.  -- Jules Becker

It is never clear just how many hands--or minds--are needed to carry out a
particular process.  Nevertheless, anyone having supervisory responsibility
for the completion of the task will invariably protest that his staff is too
small for the assignment.  -- Andrew Hacker

It is nice to be content in a little house by the side of the road, but a
split-level in suburbia is a lot more comfortable.  -- Charles Merrill Smith

It is no disgrace not to be able to do everything; but to undertake, or
pretend to do, what you are not made for, is not only shameful, but extremely
troublesome.  -- Plutarch

It is no longer correct to regard higher education solely as a privilege.  It
is a basic right in today's world.  -- Norman Cousins

It is no pleasure to build a web and catch only flies when one knows there is
a wasp about.

It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare; it is because we
do not dare that they are difficult.  -- Seneca

It is not enough to do the right thing; one must also do it the right way.

It is not love of self, but hatred of self which is at the root of the
troubles that afflict the world.  -- Eric Hoffer

It is not poverty so much as pretence that harasses a ruined man--the struggle
between a proud mind and an empty purse--the keeping up a hollow show that
must soon come to an end.  Have the courage to appear poor, and you disarm
poverty of its sharpest sting.  -- Mrs. Jameson

It is not the disease but neglect of the remedy which generally destroys life.

It is not the quality of the meat, but the cheerfulness of the guests, that
makes the feast.  -- Lord Clarendon

It is not work that kills men; it is worry.  Work is healthy; you can hardly
put more upon a man than he can bear.  Worry is rust upon the blade.  It is
not the revolution that destroys the machinery, but the friction.  Fear
secretes acids, but love and trust are sweet juices.  -- Beecher

It is often easier to earn money than it is to spend it wisely.

It is one thing to purloin finely-tempered steel, and another to take a pound
of literary old iron, and convert it in the furnace of one's own mind into a
hundred watchsprings, worth each a thousand times as much as the iron.  When
genius borrows, it borrows grandly, giving to the borrowed matter, a life and
beauty it lacked before.

It is only by labor that thought can be made healthy, and only by thought that
labor can be made happy; and the two cannot be seperated with impunity.
 -- Ruskin

It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their dignity.

It is questionable if all the mechanical inventions yet made have lightened
the day's toil of any human being.

It is sometimes necessary to play the fool to avoid being deceived by cunning
men.  -- La Rochefoucauld

It is the curse of talent that, although it labors with greater steadiness and
perseverance than genius, it does not reach its goal, while genius, already
on the summit of the ideal, gazes laughingly about.

It is the function of creative men to perceive the relations between thoughts,
or things, or forms of expression that may seem utterly different, and to be
able to combine them into some new forms--the power to connect the
seemingly unconnected.

It is the great triumph of genius to make the common appear novel.

It is the guilt, not the scaffold, which constitutes the shame.  -- Cornville

It is the height of absurdity to sow little but weeds in the first half of
one's lifetime and expect to harvest a valuable crop in the second half.
 -- Percy Johnston

It is the natural order of things.  Nothing can alter it.  The strong take, the
weak surrender.  -- Sepp von Plum

It is the nature of the human disposition to hate him who you have injured.
 -- Tacitus

It is the pleasure of reward rather than the pain of punishment that motivates
people.

It is the uncensored sense of humor ... which is the ultimate therapy for man
in society.  -- Evan Esar

It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.

It is the working man who is the happy man.  -- Benjamin Franklin

It is to the interest of the commonwealth of mankind that there should be
someone who is unconquered, someone against whom fortune has no power.
 -- Seneca

It is true that if your paperboy throws your paper into the bushes for five
straight days it can be explained by Newton's Law of Gravity.  But it takes
Murphy's Law to explain why it is happening to you.

It is unwise to do unto others as you would that they do unto you.  Their
tastes may not be the same.  -- George Bernard Shaw

It is what we are that gets across, not what we try to teach.

It is worthy of observation, that the most imperious masters over their own
servants, are at the same time, the most abject slaves to the servants of
other masters.  -- Seneca

It isn't that things will necessarily go wrong (Murphy's Law), but rather that
they will take so much more time and effort than you think, if they are not
to.  -- Charles Wolf, Jr.

It isn't what we don't know that gives us trouble, it's what we know that
ain't so.  -- Will Rogers

It isn't what you know but the simple things you don't overlook.

It markes a big step in a man's development when he comes to realize that other
men can be called on to help him do a better job than he can do alone.
 -- Andrew Carnagie

It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is better still
to be a live lion. And usually easier.  -- Lazarus Long

It may be remarked for the comfort of honest poverty, that avarice reigns most
in those who have but few good qualities to recommend them.  This is a weed
that will grow in a barren soil.  -- Hughes

It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God--but to create Him.

It may be true that human beings make more mistakes than computers, but for a
real foul up, give us a computer anytime.

It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
 -- Salvor Hardin

It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.

It seems that nature has concealed at the bottom of our minds, talents and
abilities of which we are not aware.  The passions alone have the privilege of
bringing them to light, and of giving us sometimes views more certain and
more perfect than art could possible produce.  -- La Rochefoucauld

It show'd discretion, the best part of valor.  -- Beaumont and Fletcher

It sometimes seems as though we were trying to combine the ideal of no schools
at all with the democratic ideal of schools for everybody by having schools
without education.  -- Robert Maynard Hutchins

It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.

It takes everyone to make a happy day.  -- Marcy Kay Rumsfeld

It warms me, it charms me,
To mention but her name;
It heats me, it beats me,
And set me a' on flame.  -- Burns

It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.

It was a saying of the ancients, "Truth lies in a well;" and to carry on this
metaphor, we may justly say that logic does supply us with steps, whereby we
may go down to reach the water.  -- Dr. I. Watts

It was one of those parties where you cough twice before you speak,
and then decide not to say it after all.  -- P. G. Wodehouse

It was one of those perfect summer days--the sun was shining, a breeze was
blowing, the birds were singing, and the lawn mower was broken.  -- James Dent

It will be of little avail to the people that the laws are made by men of their
own choice, if the laws be so voluminous that they cannot be read, or so
incoherent that they cannot be understood; if they be repealed or revised
before they are promulgated, or undergo such incessane changes that no man
who knows what the law is today can guess what it will be tomorrow.
 -- The Federalist, No. 62

It would be well, if some who have taken upon themselves the ministry of the
Gospel, that they would first preach to themselves, then afterwards to others.
 -- Cardinal Pole

It's NOT my fault!!!  -- Han Solo (and a cast of thousands)

It's a good idea to keep your words soft and sweet to the taste.  You may have
to eat them.

It's a poor workman who blames his tools.

It's a sad house where the cock is silent and the hen crows.

It's always darkest just before the lights go out.  -- Alex Clark

It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.
 -- Lazarus Long

It's better to keep your mouth closed and be presumed a fool than to open it
and remove all doubt.

It's better to retire too soon than too late.  -- Charles A. Mosher

It's clever, but is it art?

It's easier to be a liberal a long way from home.  -- Don Price

It's easier to be original and foolish than original and wise.
 -- Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz

It's easier to be wise for others than for ourselves.  -- La Rochefoucauld

It's easy to tell when you've got a bargain--it doesn't fit.

It's hard to say who brags more, the reformed smoker or the guy whose car gets
30 miles to the gallon.  -- James Alexander

It's hard to sing with an empty glass.

It's later than you think: the joint Russian-American space mission has
already begun.

It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.

It's not so hard to lift yourself by your bootstraps once you're off the
ground.  -- Daniel B. Luten

It's not what you know or what you do, it's who you know.

It's not what you write that counts, it's how it's read.

It's odd how sin must advertise in gaudy trappings. One would think it would
be darker, more discreet.

It's so stupid of modern civilization to have given up believing in the Devil
when he is the only explanation of it.

It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.

It's the most unhappy people who most fear change.  -- Mignon McLaughlin

It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon.  Which raises
the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to.
 -- Franklin P. Jones

JIFFY: the time it takes for light to go one centimeter in a vacuum.

JOB PLACEMENT: Telling your boss what he can do with your job.

James Joyce--an essentially private man who wished his total indifference to
public notice to be universally recognized.  -- Tom Stoppard

Jimmy Carter says the GOP Convention was "a debacle."
- That's French for Trust Me.
- That's high praise from our country's Debacleur-in-Chief.
- What did he expect--a helicopter rescue mission?  -- National Review

Join the Navy and see the coast!

Jones's Law: The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone
he can blame it on.

Joy descends gently upon us like the evening dew, and does not patter down like
a hailstorm.  -- Richter

Judge a tree from its fruit; not from the leaves.  -- Euripides

Judgment is not the knowledge of fundamental laws; it is knowing how to apply a
knowledge of them.  -- Charles Gow

Just about the time most of us finally learn all the answers, they change all
the questions.

Just as most issues are seldom black or white, so are most good solutions
seldom black or white.  Beware of the solution that requires one side to
be totally the loser and the other side to be totally the winner.  The
reason there are two sides to begin with usually is because neither side
has all the facts.  Therefore, when the wise mediator effects a compromise,
he is not acting from political motivation.  Rather, he is acting from a deep
sense of respect for the whole truth.  -- Stephen R. Schwambach

Just as there are three R's there are also three A's of business life. They
are: Ability, Ambition, and Attitude.  Ability establishes what a worker does
and will bring him a paycheck.  Ambition determines how much he does and will
get him a raise.  Attitude guarantees how well he does.  -- Wilbert E. Sheer

Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
 -- Irene Peter

Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's
useless.  -- Thomas Edison

Just because you've beaten a sorcerer, doesn't mean you've beaten a sorcerer.
 -- Toth-aamon

Just when I finally figure out where it's at ... somebody moves it.

Just when you get really good at something, you don't need to do it anymore.
 -- William P. Lowrey

Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!  -- Michael J. Wagner

Justice is blind, he knows nobody.  -- Dryden

Justice is lame as well as blind among us.  -- Otway

Justice, like lightning, ever should appear
To few men's ruin, but to all men's fear.  -- Swetnam

Keep cool; especially during meltdowns.

Keep the juices going by jangling around gently as you move.  -- Satchel Paige

Keep what you've got; the ills that we know are the best.  -- Plautus

Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, and completely shut after the kids
grow up.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

Keep your fears to yourself; share your courage with others.
 -- Robert Louis Stevenson

Keep your sense of humor about your position.  -- Donald Rumsfeld

Kerr's Three Rules for Trying New Foods:
(1) Never try anything with tomatoes in it.
(2) Never try anything bigger than your head.
(3) Never, NEVER try anything that looks like vomit.
It is said that Kerr broke all three rules by discovering pizza.

Key to Status: S=D/K.  S is the status of a person in an organization, D is the
number of doors he must open to perform his job and K is the number of keys he
carries.  A higher number denotes a higher status.  Examples:  The janitor
needs to open 20 doors and has twenty keys (S = 1), a secretary has to open
two doors with one key (S = 2), but the president never has to carry around
any keys since there is always someone around to open doors for him (with K
= 0 and a high D, his S reaches infinity).  -- Robert Sommer

Kilroy was here.

Kind hearts are more than coronets,
And simple faith than Norman blood.  -- Tennyson

Kiss the tear from her lip, you'll find the rose the sweeter for the dew.
 -- Webster

Knaves will thrive when honest plainness knows not how to live.  -- Shirley

Knives and scissors, fork and candle, // little children should not handle.

Know that a happy dieter has other problems.  -- Erma Bombeck

Know then this truth, enough for man to know
Virtue alone is happiness below.  -- Alexander Pope

Know then thyself; presume not God to scan;
The proper study of mankind is man.  -- Alexander Pope

Knowledge is power.  -- Bacon

LIGHTWEIGHT: lighter than rugged.

LINEAR MODEL: An assumption concerning the nature of reality applied
unquestioningly to every relationship as though God had determined that truth
must always run in straight lines.

Language is fossil poetry.

Languages are the pedigrees of nations.  -- Johnson

Large numbers of things are determined, and therefore not subject to change.
 -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

Last Words of Advice:  If you pay your taxes and don't get into debt and go to
bed early and never answer the telephone--no harm can befall you.
 -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

Last guys don't finish nice.  -- Stanley Kelly

Last scene of all that ends this strange, eventful history, is second
childishness, and mere oblivion; sans teeth, sans eyes, sans taste, sans
everything.  -- Shakespeare

Laughter should dimple the cheek, not furrow the brow.  A jest should be such,
that all shall be able to join in the laugh which it occasions; but if it bear
hard upon one of the company, like the crack of a string, it makes a stop in
the music.  -- Feltham

Law expands in proportion to the resources available for its enforcement.
 -- Dalin B. Oaks

Law of Historical Causation:  "It seemed like the thing to do at the time."
 -- Michael Uhlmann

Law of Institutional Food:  Everything is cold except what should be.

Law of Institutional Food:  Everything, including the corn flakes, is greasy.

Law of Local Anesthesia:  Never say "oops" in the operating room.
 -- Dr. Leo Troy

Law of Petroleum:  Where there are Muslims, there is oil; the converse is not
true.  -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

Law of Social Dynamics:  If, in the course of several months, only three
worthwhile social events take place, they will all fall on the same evening.

Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.

Laws can disover sin, but not remove.  -- Milton

Laziness is the mother of nine inventions out of ten.  -- Phillip K. Saunders

Leaders who aid others in growing are certain to experience growth in
themselves.

Leadership, at its highest, consists of getting people to work for you when
they are under no obligation to do so.

Learn a new language and get a new soul.

Learn to be sincere.  Even if you have to fake it.  -- Solomon Short

Learn to hold thy tongue.  Five words cost Zacharias forty weeks' silence.
 -- Fuller

Learn to reason forward and backward on both sides of a question.
 -- Thomas Blandi

Learning maketh young men temperate, is the comfort of old age, standing for
wealth with poverty, and serving as an ornament to riches.  -- Cicero

Left to themselves, all things go from bad to worse.

Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.

Lend thy serious hearing to what I shall unfold.  -- Shakespeare

Lenin once observed that gold should adorn the floors of latrines.

Less is more.

Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.

Let a man proclaim a new principle. Public sentiment will surely be on the
other side.  -- Thomas B. Reed

Let another man praise thee, and not thine own mouth; a stranger, and not thine
own lips.  -- Proverbs XXVII, 2

Let cavillers deny that brutes have reason; sure 'tis something more, 'tis
heaven directs, and stratagems inspires beyond the short extent of human
thought.  -- Somerville

Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.

Let him turn and twist slowly in the wind.  -- John Ehrlichman

Let honesty be as the breath of thy soul, and never forget to have a penny,
when all thy expenses are enumerated and paid; then shall thou reach the point
of happiness, and independence shall be thy shield and buckler, thy helmet and
crown; then thy soul walk upright, nor stoop to the silken wretch because he
hath riches, nor pocket an abuse, because the hand which offers it wears a
ring set with diamonds.  -- Benjamin Franklin

Let me have men about me that are fat;
Slack-headed men and such as sleep o'nights.
Yond' Cassius has a lean and hungry look;
He thinks too much; such men are dangerous.  -- Shakespeare

Let no man presume to give advice to others that has not first given good
counsel to himself.  -- Seneca

Let no man value at a little price a virtuous woman's counsel; her winged
spirit is feathered often times with heavenly words, and, like her beauty,
ravishing and pure.  -- Chapman

Let none think to fly the danger
For soon or late love is his own avenger.  -- Byron

Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.

Let sleeping dogs lie.

Let the Wookiee win!

Let the soldier be abroad if he will, he can do nothing in this age.  There is
another personage, a personage less imposing in the eyes of some, perhaps
insignificant.  The schoolmaster is abroad, and I trust to him, armed with his
primer, against the soldier in full military array.  -- Lord Brougham

Let them obey that know not how to rule.  -- Shakespeare

Let us be silent, that we may hear the whispers of the gods.
 -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

Let us cling to our principles as the mariner clings to his last plank when
night and tempest close around him.  -- Dr. Young

Let us suffer any person to tell us his story morning and evening, but for one
twelve-month, and he will become our master.  -- Burke

Let us, then, be up and doing,
With a heart for any fate;
Still achieving, still pursuing,
Learn to labor and to wait.  -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

Let your humor always be good humor in both senses.  If it comes of a bad
humor, it is pretty sure not to belie its parentage.

Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again.

Letters which are warmly sealed are often but coldly opened.  -- Richter

Levity is the soul of wit.  -- Melville D. Landon

Liberals don't care what people do, as long as it's compulsory.

Liberals, but not conservatives, can get attention and acclaim for denouncing
liberal policies that failed; and liberals will inevitably capture the
ensuing agenda for "reform."  -- John McClaughry

Liberty consists in the power of doing that which is permitted by law.
 -- Cicero

Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches.  -- Will Rogers

Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
 -- Harry Emerson Fosdick

Liberty is always unfinished business.

Liberty is being free from the things we don't like in order to be slaves to
the things we do like.  -- Ernest Benn

Liberty is so much latitude as the powerful choose to accord the weak.
 -- Judge Learned Hand

Liberty is the one thing you can't have unless you give it to others.
 -- William Allen White

Liberty means responsibility.  That is why most men dread it.
 -- George Bernard Shaw

Liberty too can corrupt, and absolute liberty can corrupt absolutely.
 -- Gertrude Himmelfarb

Liberty! Liberty! how many crimes are committed in thy name.  -- Madame Roland

Libraries are the shrines where all the relics of the ancient saints, full of
true virtue, and that without delusion or imposture, are preserved and
reposed.  -- Bacon

Life affords no higher pleasure than that of surmounting difficulties, passing
from one step of success to another, forming new wishes and seeing them
gratified.  -- Samuel Johnson

Life creates it [the Force] and makes it grow. Its energy surrounds us and
binds us. Luminous beings are we ... Feel the flow. Feel the Force around
you.  -- Yoda

Life does not cease to be funny when people die any more than it ceases to be
serious when people laugh.  -- George Bernard Shaw

Life is a series of experiences, each one of which makes us bigger, even
though sometimes it is hard to realize this.

Life is a tragedy for those who feel, and a comedy for those who think.

Life is doubt, and faith without doubt is nothing but death.
 -- Miguel de Unamuno

Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer, then you find there is
nothing in it.

Life is sometimes hard to love, though we must love it because we have no
other.  To fail to love it is to cease to exist.

Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.

Life's but a walking shadow--a poor player,
That struts and frets his hour upon the stage,
And then is heard no more.  It is a tale
Told by idiots, full of sound and fury
Signifying nothing.  -- Shakespeare

Like a man made after supper of a cheese-paring; when he was naked, he was,
for all the world, like a forked radish, with a head fantastically carved
upon it with a knife.  -- Shakespeare

Like other occult techniques of divination, the statistical method has a
private jargon deliberately contrived to obscure its methods from
non-practitioners.  -- G. O. Ashley

Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.

Literature is the grindstone to sharpen the coulters, and to whet their natural
faculties.  -- Hammond

Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse.  -- Lazarus Long

Little joys refresh us constantly, like house-bread, and never bring disgust;
and great ones, like sugar-bread, briefly, and then bring it.  -- Richter

Little progress can be made merely by repressing what is bad.  Our great hope
lies in developing what is good.

Little strokes fell John B. Oakes.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

Live and let live.

Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.  -- Josh Billings

Lo! Men have become the tools of their tools.

Loan-department manager:  "There isn't any fine print.  At these interest
rates, we don't need it."

Logic is like the sword--those who appeal to it shall perish by it.
 -- Samuel Butler

Logic is the art of going wrong with confidence.  -- Joseph Wood Krutch

Logic is the soul of wit, not of wisdom; that's why wit is funny.
 -- Lincoln Steffens

Logic--an instrument used for bolstering a prejudice.  -- Elbert Hubbard

Logicians have but ill defined
As rational the human kind.
Logic, they say, belongs to man,
But let them prove it if they can.  -- Oliver Goldsmith

Lonely is a man without love.

Lonely men seek companionship. Lonely women sit at home and wait.
They never meet.

Look at governmental programs for the past fifty years.  Every single one--
except for warfare--achieved the exact opposite of its announced goal.

Look on my works ye mighty--and despair!!!

Look over your shoulder now and then to be sure someone's following you.
 -- Henry Gilmer

Look round the wrecks of play behold,
Estates dismember'd, mortgaged, sold;
Their owners now to jail confin'd,
Show equal poverty of mind.  -- Gay

Lord, when we are wrong, make us easy to change.  And when we are right, make
us easy to live with.  -- Peter Marshall

Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none; be able for thine enemy rather in
power than use; and keep thy friend under thine own life's key; be checked for
silence, but never taxed for speech.  -- Shakespeare

Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.

Love demands infinitely less than friendship.  -- George Jean Nathan

Love feels no burden, thinks nothing of trouble, attempts what is above its
strength, pleads no excuse of impossibility; for it thinks all things lawful
for itself, and all things possible.  It is therefore able to undertake all
things, and it completes many things, and brings them to a conclusion, where
he who does not love, faints and lies down.  -- Thomas a Kempis

Love is a god
Strong, free, unabounded, and as some define
Fears nothing, pitieth none.  -- Milton

Love is a passion which kindles honor into noble acts.  -- Dryden

Love is in the offing. Be affectionate to one who adores you.

Love is merely madness; and I tell you, deserves as well a dark house and a
whip, as madmen do; and the reason why they are not so punished and cured, is
that the lunacy is so ordinary, that the whippers are in love too.
 -- Shakespeare

Love is not altogether a delirium, yet it has many points in common therewith.
I call it rather a discerning of the infinite in the finite--of the ideal made
real.  -- Carlyle

Love is not in our choice, but in our fate.  -- Dryden

Love is sentimental measles.

Love is strong as death.  Many waters cannot quench love, neither can the
floods drown it; if a man would give all the substance of his house for
love, it would be utterly contemned.  -- Solomon's Song VIII, 6,7

Love is the salt of life; a higher taste
It gives to pleasure, and then makes it last.  -- Buckingham

Love laughs at locksmiths.

Love me little, love me long.  -- Milton

Love not! Love not! the thing you love may change,
The rosy lip may cease to smile on you,
The kindly beaming eye grow cold and strange,
The heart still warmly beat, and not for you.  -- Mrs. Norton

Love that has nothing but beauty to keep it in good health is short lived, and
apt to have ague fits.  -- Erasmus

Love the sea? I dote upon it--from the beach.

Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose your neighborhood.  -- Louise Beal

Love will find its way
Through paths where wolves would fear to prey,
And if it dares enough 'twere hard
If passion met not some reward.  -- Byron

Love's like the measles--all the worse when it comes late in life.  -- Jerrola

Love, the sole disease thou canst not cure.  -- Alexander Pope

Love, which proclaims thee human bids thee know a truth more lofty in thy
lowliest hour than shallow glory taught to human power, "What's human is
immortal!"  -- Bulwer

Loyalty to a petrified opinion never yet broke a chain or freed a human soul.
 -- Mark Twain

Luck is what enabled others to get where they are.  Talent is what enabled us
to get to where we are.

Lull'd in the countless chambers of the brain,
Our thoughts are link'd by many a hidden chain;
Awake but one, and lo, what myriads arise!
Each stamps its image as the other flies.  -- Alexander Pope

M.D. to patient:  First the good news--you're going to have a disease named
after you.

MEETS QUALITY STANDARDS: ours, not yours.

METHODOLOGICALLY UNSOUND: Using methodology with which I am unfamiliar.

Most of the mistakes of our life come from feeling when we ought to think
and thinking when we ought to feel.

Macbeth.--If we should fail --
Lady Macbeth.--We fail?
But screw your courage to the sticking place,
And we'll not fail.  -- Shakespeare

Machines certainly can solve problems, store information, correlate, and play
games--but not with pleasure.  -- Leo Rosten

Machines should work.  People should think.  -- IBM motto

Madness, we fancy, gave an ill-timed birth
To grinning laughter and to frantic mirth.  -- Prior

Main Article of General Systems Faith: the order of the empirical world itself
has an order which might be called order of the second degree.  -- Boulding

Maintain eternal vigilance, small squishy thing, and kill anything that
threatens.  -- Viver farewell saying.

Major actions are rarely decided by more than four people.  If you think a
larger meeting you're attending is really "hammering out" a decision, you're
probably wrong.  Either the decision was agreed to by a smaller group before
the meeting began, or the outcome of the larger meeting will be modified later
when three or four people get together.  -- Charles Wolf, Jr.

Make a wish, it might come true.

Make it sufficiently difficult for people to do something, and most people
will stop doing it.  -- Robert Sommer

Make new friends but keep the old ones;  one is silver and the other's gold.

Make other people like themselves a little better and rest assured they'll
like you very much.

Make the most of all that comes and the least of all that goes.

Make the most of the day, by determining to spend it on two sort of
acquaintances only--those by whom something may be got, and those from whom
something may be learned.  -- Colton

Make yourself an honest man, and then you may be sure there is one less rascal
in the world.  -- Thomas Carlyle

Make yourself necessary to somebody.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

Malpractice makes malperfect.  -- Solomon Short

Mammon has enriched his thousands, and has damned his ten thousands.  -- South

Man and wife make one fool.

Man had achieved FREEDOM FROM--without yet having achieved FREEDOM TO--to be
himself, to be productive, to be fully awake.  -- Erich Fromm

Man has a limited biological capacity for change. When this capacity is
overwhelmed, the capacity is in future shock.  -- Alvin Toffler

Man has lost the capacity to foresee and to forestall. He will end by
destroying the earth.  -- Albert Schweitzer

Man is a blind, witless, low-brow, anthropocentric clod who inflicts lesions
upon the earth.  -- Ian McHarg

Man is a thinking being, whether he will or no; all he can do is to turn his
thoughts the best way.  -- Sir W. Temple

Man is born to trouble, as the sparks fly upward.  -- Job v.7

Man is by nature metaphysical and proud. He has gone so far as to think that
the idealistic creations of his mind, which correspond to his feelings, also
represent reality.  -- Claude Bernard

Man is demolishing nature ... We are killing things that keep us alive.
 -- Thor Heyerdahl

Man is forbidden to eat from the tree of knowledge of good and evil.  He acts
against God's command ... From the standpoint of the Church, which represents
authority, this is essentially sin.  From the standpoint of man, however, this
is the beginning of human freedom.  -- Erich Fromm

Man is the only animal that contemplates death, and also the only animal that
shows any sign of doubt of its finality.  -- William Ernest Hocking

Man is the only creature endowed with the power of laughter; is he not the only
one that deserves to be laughed at?  -- Greville

Man know thyself!  All writing centers there.  -- Young

Man must accept responsibility for himself ... There is no meaning to life
except the meaning man gives his life by the unfolding of his powers.

Man never fastened one end of a chain around the neck of his brother, that
God's own hand did not fasten around the neck of the oppressor.  -- Lamartine

Man proposes, God disposes.

Man shall never reach his full capacity while chained to the earth. We must
take wing and conquer the heavens.  -- Icarus

Man weeps to think that he will die so soon; woman, that she was born so long
ago.  -- H. L. Mencken

Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.

Man's rich with little, were his judgment true;
Nature is frugal, and her wants are few;
These few wants, answer'd bring sincere delights;
But fools create themselves new appetites.  -- Young

Man-machine identity is achieved not by attributing human attributes to the
machine, but by attributing mechanical limitations to man.

Management directs and controls change.  -- Thomas L. Martin

Management is incapable of recognizing a true crisis.  -- Gene Franklin

Management will select actions or events and convert them to crises.  It will
then over-react.  -- Gene Franklin

Mankind has become so much one family that we cannot insure our own
prosperity except by insuring that of everyone else.  If you wish to be
happy yourself, you must also resign yourself to seeing others also happy.
 -- Bertrand Russell

Mankind would be vastly poorer if it had not been for men who were willing to
take risks against the longest odds.  Even if it could be done, we would be
foolish to try to stamp out this willingness in man to buck seemingly hopeless
odds.  Our problem is how to remain properly venturesome and experimental
without making fools of ourselves.  -- Bernard Baruch

Many a family tree needs trimming.

Many a girl at loose ends is anxious to be tied up.

Many a man gets to the top of the ladder, and then finds out it has been
leaning against the wrong wall.

Many a sober Christian would rather admit that a wafer is God than that God is
a cruel and capricious tyrant.

Many are called, but few are chosen.

Many books require no thought from those who read them, for a very simple
reason--they made no such demand upon those who wrote them.  Those works,
therefore, are the most valuable that set our thinking faculties in the
fullest operation.  -- Colton

Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.

Many live by their wits but few by their wit.  -- Laurence J. Peter
(On the other hand, the witty man merely says what you would have said if you
 had thought of it.)

Many might go to heaven with half the labor they go to hell.  -- Ben Johnson

Many of us spend half our life wishing for things we could have if we didn't
spend half our time wishing.  -- Alexander Woollcott

Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket bibles which are on very very
thin paper.

Many people go throughout life committing partial suicide--destroying their
talents, energies, creative qualities.  Indeed, to learn how to be good to
oneself is often more difficult than to learn how to be good to others.
 -- Joshua Leibman

Many people have the ambition to succeed in their work; they may even have
special aptitude for their job.  And yet they do not move ahead.  Why?
Perhaps they think that since they can master the job, there is no need
to master themselves.  -- John Stevenson

Many politicians ... are in the habit of laying it down as a self-evident
proposition, that no people ought to be free 'til they are fit to use their
freedom.  The maxim is worthy of the fool ... who resolved not to go into the
water 'til he had learned to swim.  -- Thomas Babington Macaulay

Mark this well, you proud men of action!  You are, after all, nothing but
unconscious instruments of the men of thought.  -- Heinrich Heine

Marketing is a fashionable term.  The sales manager becomes a marketing vice-
president.  But a grave digger is still a grave digger even when he is called
a mortician--only the price of burial goes up.

Marriage is a feast where the grace is sometimes better than the feast.
 -- Colton

Marriage: a community consisting of a master, a mistress, and two slaves--
making in all two.  -- Ambrose Bierce

Marriage is a good deal like taking a bath--not so hot once you get
accustomed to it.

Marriage is a great institution, but I'm not ready for an institution, yet.
 -- Mae West

Marriage is the deep, deep peace of the double bed after the hurly-burly of
the chaise lounge.  -- Mrs. Patrick Campbell

Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.  -- Voltaire

Marxist law of the distribution of wealth:  Shortages will be divided equally
among the peasants.

Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.

Maternity pay?  Now every Tom, Dick and Harry will get pregnant.
 -- Malcolm Smith

Mathematics gets its semblance of reality by never saying what it is talking
about.  -- Bertrand Russell

Matrimony is a process by which a grocer acquired an account the florist had.
 -- Francis Rodman

Matrimony is the root of all evil.

Maugham's Advice:  Death is a very dull, dreary affair, and my advice to you
is to have nothing whatsoever to do with it.

Maxims are the condensed good sense of nations.  -- Sir J. Mackintosh

May not taste be compared to that exquisite sense of the bee, which instantly
discovers and extracts the quintessence of every flower, and disregards all the
rest of it.  -- Greville

May the Force be with you.

May the Great Camel of Paradise bestow upon you and yours a dropping.

May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.

May you be as healthy as the salmon.

May you get to Heaven a half hour before the Devil knows you're dead.

May you walk a mile behind a camel.

Maybe love hasn't changed much through history, but can you imagine Heloise
and Abelard sitting around rubbing suntan oil on each other?  -- Bill Vaughan

Maybe this world is another planet's hell.  -- Aldous Huxley

Meanwhile, the guilty soul cannot keep its own secret.  It is false to itself;
or, rather, it feels an irresistible impulse of conscience to be true to
itself ... It must be confessed--it will be confessed--there is no refuge from
confession but suicide, and suicide is confession.  -- Daniel Webster

Measure not men by Sundays, without regarding what they do all the week after.
 -- Fuller

Medicare and Medicaid are the greatest measures yet devised to make the world
safe for clerks.

Melancholy is the nurse of frenzy.  -- Shakespeare

Men are April when they woo, December when they wed, and maids are May when
they are maids, but the sky changes when they are wives.  -- Shakespeare

Men are apt to deceive themselves in big things, but they rarely do so in
particulars.  -- Niccolo Machiavelli

Men are born with two eyes, but with one tongue, in order that they should see
twice as much as they say.  -- Colton

Men are but children of a larger growth.  -- Dryden

Men are machines, with all their boasted freedom,
Their movements turn on some favorite passion;
Let art but find the foible out,
We touch the spring and wind them at our pleasure.  -- Brooke

Men are more sentimental then women. It blurs their thinking.  -- Lazarus Long

Men are never so likely to settle a question rightly as when they discuss it
freely.  -- Macaulay

Men are not against you; they are merely for themselves.  -- Gene Fowler

Men are often capable of greater things than they perform.  They are sent into
the world with bills of credit, and seldom draw to their full extent.
 -- Horace Walpole

Men are seldom more innocently employed than when they are honestly making
money.  -- Samuel Johnson

Men are so constituted that everybody undertakes what he sees another
successful in, whether he has aptitude for it or not.  -- Goethe

Men are the sport of circumstances, when the circumstances seem the sport of
men.  -- Byron

Men can suck the heady juice of exalted self-importance from the bitter weed
of failure--failures are usually the most conceited of men.  -- D. H. Lawrence

Men fight for freedom; then they begin to accumulate laws to take it away
from them.

Men have died from time to time, and worms have eaten them, but not for love.
 -- Shakespeare

Men have fiendishly conceived a heaven only to find it insipid, and a hell
only to find it ridiculous.  -- George Santayana

Men must either be caressed or annihilated and the injury must be such that the
victim cannot pay you back for it.  Whoever acts otherwise is obliged to stand
forever with a knife in his hand.  -- Niccolo Machiavelli

Men must either be caressed or annihilated.  They will revenge themselves for
small injuries, but they can't do so for great ones.  The harm the leader does
must be such that he need not fear revenge.  -- Niccolo Machiavelli

Men of genius are often dull and inert in society, as a blazing meteor when it
descends to earth, is only a stone.  -- Longfellow

Men often deceive themselves in believing that humility can overcome insolence.
 -- Niccolo Machiavelli

Men rarely (if ever) manage to dream up a god superior to themselves. Most
gods have the manners and morals of a spoiled child.  -- Lazarus Long

Men rattle their chains to show that they are free.

Men resemble the gods in nothing so much as in doing good to their fellow
creatures.  -- Cicero

Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.

Men will never establish any equality with which they can be contented.
Whatever efforts a people may make, they will never succeed in reducing
all the conditions of society to a perfect level.  -- Alexis de Tocqueville

Men will sooner surrender their rights than their customs.  -- Moritz Guedemann

Men will wrangle for religion; write for it; fight for it; die for it; anything
but--live for it.  -- Colton

Men with gray eyes are generally keen, energetic, and at first cold; but you
may depend upon their sympathy with real sorrow.  Search the ranks of our
benevolent men and you will agree with me.  -- Dr. Leask

Mere longevity is a good thing for those who watch Life from the side lines.
For those who play the game, an hour may be a year, a single day's work an
achievement for eternity.  -- Gabriel Heatter

Merely because the group is in formation does not mean that the group is on
the right course.

Metaphysics is a dark ocean without shores or lighthouse, strewn with many a
philosophic wreck.  -- Immanual Kant

Metaphysics is almost always an attempt to prove the incredible by an appeal to
the unintelligible.  -- H. L. Mencken

Metaphysics is the science of proving what we don't understand.
 -- Josh Billings (Henry Wheeler Shaw)

Metaphysics may be, after all, only the art of being sure of something that is
not so, and logic only the art of going wrong with confidence.
 -- Joseph Wood Krutch

Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of
Casablanca.  And the Germans have outlawed miracles.

Might may not be right, but it usually wins.

Mighty proud I am that I am able to have a spare bed for my friends.
 -- Samuel Pepys

Miller's Corollary:  Objects are lost because people look where they are not
instead of where they are.

Millions for defense, but not one cent for tribute.  -- C. C. Pinckney

Minds of the strongest and most active powers fall below mediocrity and labor
without effect, if confined to uncongenial pursuits.  And it is thence to be
inferred, that the results of human exertion may be immensely increased by
diversifying its objects.  -- Alexander Hamilton

Mingles with the friendly bowl,
The feast of reason and the flow of soul.  -- Alexander Pope

Minimize your therbligs until it becomes automatic; this doubles your
effective lifetime--and thereby gives time to enjoy butterflies and
kittens and rainbows.  -- Lazarus Long

Miracles are so called because they excite wonder.  In unphilosophical minds,
any rare or unexpected thing excites wonder, while in philosophical minds the
familiar excites wonder also.  -- George Santayana

Miraculous secret for the early recovery of patients:  Inflation.

Mirror, mirror on the wall, who's the fairest one of all?  The press is
hopelessly biased or genuinely fair, depending upon whose views are being
misquoted, misrepresented, or misunderstood.  -- Pierre S. du Pont

Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.

Misery no longer loves company.  Nowadays it insists on it.  -- Russell Baker

Misster, do you vant to buy a duck.

Mistakes are oft the stepping stones to failure.

Modern Way:  If It's Good, Scrap It.  -- Sydney J. Harris

Modesty is to merit as shades to figures in a picture; giving it strength and
beauty.  -- La Bruyere

Monday is an awful way to spend one-seventh of your life.

Money and women are the most sought after and the least known of any two things
we have.  -- Will Rogers

Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.

Money is a good servant, but a dangerous master.  -- Bonhours

Money is a powerful aphrodisiac. But flowers work almost as well.

Money is like manure.  If you spread it around, it does a lot of good.  But
if you pile it up in one place, it stinks like hell.  -- Clint Murchison, Jr.

Money is not the measure of a man, but it will do quite nicely if you don't
have any other yardstick handy.  -- Charles Merrill Smith

Money is the sincerest of all flattery. Women love to be flattered. So do men.

Money is truthful. If a person speaks of his honor, make him pay cash.

Money is whatever people believe is money and will voluntarily accept as money.

Money is wrong--it's the means whereby man enslaves his brother.  -- Finny

Money may buy friendship but money cannot buy love.

Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.

Money, therefore, if it is to be anything, must be at least an efficient and
trustworthy instrument by which working people accumulate savings.
 -- Lewis E. Lehrnman

Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo.  -- H. G. Wells

Moscow reportedly has been "closed" for the Olympics.  Access to the city is
restricted, tens of thousands of police patrol the streets, and authorities
are struggling to prevent what they term "ideological pollution."  Residents
are unable to detect any difference in Moscow life.  -- National Review

Most "scientists" are bottle washers and button pushers.

Most accidents in well-designed systems involve two or more events of low
probability occurring in the worst possible combination.  -- Robert Machol

Most economists think of God as working great multiple regressions in the sky..
 -- Edgar R. Fiedler

Most essential qualification for a politician:  The ability to foretell what
will happen tomorrow, next month, and next year--and to explain afterward
why it did not happen.  -- Winston Churchill

Most general statements are false, including this one.  -- Edmund C. Berkeley

Most men have more courage than even they themselves think they have.
 -- Grenville

Most of our so-called reasoning consists in finding arguments for going on
believing as we already do.  -- James Harvey Robinson

Most of the stuff alongside the road has been thrown out of car windows by
Democrats.

Most of the time I don't have much fun. The rest of the time I don't have any
fun at all.  -- Woody Allen

Most of us are umpires at heart; we like to call balls and strikes on somebody
else.  -- Leo Aikman

Most of us will never do great things, but we can do small things in a
great way.

Most of us would be glad to pay as we go, if we could only catch up on where
we've been.

Most organizations can't hold one idea at a time ... Thus complementary ideas
are always regarded as competitive.  Further, like a quantized pendulum, an
organization can jump from one extreme to the other, without ever going
through the middle.  -- Amrom Katz

Most people are mirrors, reflecting the moods and emotions of the times;  few
are windows, bringing light to bear on the dark corners where troubles fester.
The whole purpose of education is to turn mirrors into windows.
 -- Sydney J. Harris

Most problems have either many answers or no answer.  Only a few problems have
one answer.  -- Edmund C. Berkeley

Mother Nature is a bitch.

Mr. Henry James writes fiction as if it were a painful duty.  -- Oscar Wilde

Much study is a weariness of the flesh.  -- Ecclesiastes XII, 12

Much that is dreadful and inhuman in history, much that one hardly likes to
believe, is mitigated by the reflection that the one who commands and the one
who carries out are different people.  The former does not behold the sight
and does not experience the strong impression on the imagination.  The latter
obeys a superior and therefore feels no responsibility for his acts.
 -- Frederick Nietzsche

Munroe's Dictum: He that is without sin among you has been bored for a
lllllooooonnnnnggggg time.

Murmur at nothing: if our ills are repairable, it is ungrateful; if remediless,
it is in vain.  -- Shakespeare

Murphy's Last Law:  If nothing went wrong today, you're probably dead.

Murphy's Law never fail~  -- Walter J. Crowell

Murphy's Law of Thermodynamics: Things get worse under pressure.

Murphy's Law: The accessibility of a small part which has fallen behind the
workbench is directly proportional to its size and inversely proportional
to its importance.

Murphy's Law: Whatever can go wrong, will.

Murphy's Law: Whatever goes wrong, will get worse.

Music hath charms to soothe a savage breast,
To soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.
I've read that things inanimate have moved,
And as with living souls have been inform'd
By magic numbers and persuasive sound.  -- Congreve

My advice to any young man at the beginning of his career is to try to look
for the mere outlines of big things with his fresh, untrained, and
unprejudiced mind.  -- H. Selye

My aim is the re-establishment of the worship of men.  -- Gabriel D'Annunzio

My atheism, like that of Spinoza, is true piety towards the universe and
denies only gods fashioned by men in their own image to be servants of
their human interests.  -- George Santayana

My brother is an only child.  -- Bennett Cerf

My congratulations to the committee that planned this day.

My country is the world. My countrymen are all mankind.
 -- William Lloyd Garrison

My cup hath runneth'd over with love.

My favorite piece of technical writing:  Assembly of Japanese bicycle require
great peace of mind.  -- Robert Pirsig

My heart is heavy at the rememberance of all the miles that lie between us; and
I can scarcely believe that you are so distant from me.  We are parted; and
every parting is a form of death, as every reunion is a type of heaven.
 -- Edwards

My idea of education is to unsettle the minds of the young and inflame their
intellects.  -- Robert Maynard Hutchins

My idea of heaven is eating foie gras to the sound of trumpets.  -- Sydney Smith

My indignation, like th' imprisoned fire, pent in the troubled breast of
Aetna, burnt deep and silent.  -- Thomson

My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life
there.

My lips pressed tehmselves involuntarily to hers--a long, long kiss, burning
intense--concentrating emotion, heart, soul, all the rays of life's light...
into a single focus.  -- Bulwer

My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right thing to say, and
then to say it with the utmost levity.  -- George Bernard Shaw

My mother had a baby once.  -- Jigger

My mother loved children--she would have given anything if I had been one.
 -- Groucho Marx

My neighbor is a real energy saver--hasn't been out of his hammock all summer.
 -- Phil Pastoret

My pen is at the bottom of a page,
Which, being finished, here the story ends;
'Tis to be wished it had been sooner done,
But stories somehow lengthen when begun.  -- Byron

My precept to all who build is, that the owner should be an ornament to the
house, and not the house an ornament to the owner.  -- Cicero

My rage is not malicious; like a spark of fire by steel enforced out of a flint
it is no sooner kindled, but extinct.  -- Goffe

My reason is not framed to bend or stoop; my knees are.  -- Michel de Montaigne

My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
 -- Christopher Morley

My to me an empire is.  -- Southwell

My uncle is a Southern planter. He's an undertaker in Alabama.  -- Fred Allen

Mystery is a word with no objective pertinence, merely describing the
limitations of a mind. In fact, a mind may be classified by the order of the
phenomena it considers mysterious ...  -- Magnus Ridolf

NEW: different color from previous design.

NO MAINTENANCE: impossible to fix.

NUKE THE WHALES!!!

NULL HYPOTHESIS: The type of hypothesis used by a pessimist.

Narrowness of mind is often the cause of obstinacy:  we do not easily believe
beyond what we see.  -- La Rochefoucauld

Nations and empires flourish and decay,
By turns command, and in their turns obey.  -- Ovid

Natural abilities are like natural plants; they need pruning by study.
 -- Francis Bacon

Natural laws have no pity.

Nature abhors a hero.  For one thing, he violates the law of conservation of
energy.  For another, how can it be the survival of the fittest when the
fittest keeps putting himself in situations where he is most likely to be
creamed?  -- Solomon Short

Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.

Nature gave man two ends--one to sit on and one to think with.  Ever since
then man's success or failure has been dependent on the one he used most.
 -- George R. Kirkpatrick

Nature here was so lavish of her store,
That she bestow'd until she had no more.  -- Brown

Nature is mighty.  Art is mighty.  Artifice is weak.  For nature is the work of
a mightier power than man.  Art is the work of man under the guidance and the
inspiration of a mightier power.  Artifice is the work of mere man in the
imbecility of his mimic understanding.

Nature is the chart of God, mapping out all His attributes; art is the shadow
of His wisdom, and copieth His resources.  -- Tupper

Nature is the vicar of the Almighty Lord.  -- Geoffrey Chaucer

Nature often enshrines gallant and noble hearts in weak bosoms--oftenest, God
bless her!--in female breasts.  -- Dickens

Nature will tell you a direct lie if she can.  -- Charles Darwin

Neanderthalers, low of forehead,
 Slunk through prehistoric mists
Thinking men were pretty horrid--
 Using spears against their fists!

Necessity is the mother of invention.

Necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows.  -- Dave Farber

Needs are a function of what other people have.

Negative slack tends to increase.

Neither a borrower nor a lender be at less than 18 percent per annum compounded
daily.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

Neither great poverty, nor great riches, will hear reason.  -- Fielding

Neurosis is a communicable disease.  -- Solomon Short

Never admit anything.  Never regret anything.  Whatever it is, you're not
responsible.

Never appeal to a man's "better nature." He may not have one. Invoking his
self-interest gives you more leverage.  -- Lazarus Long

Never argue with an angry person.

Never assume anything except a 4-1/2 percent mortgage.  -- David Kindred

Never be first to do anything.

Never bow to authority, but always tip your hat.  -- Jim Fiebig

Never build after you are five and forty; have five years' income in hand
before you lay a brick; and always calculate the expense at double the
estimate.  -- Kent

Never call a man a fool; borrow from him.

Never characterize the importance of a statement in advance.  -- Charles G. Ross

Never confuse motion with action.  -- Benjamin Franklin

Never crowd youngsters about their private affairs. When they are growing up,
they are nerve ends all over, and resent (quite properly) any invasion of
their privacy. Oh, sure, they'll make mistakes--but that's their business,
not yours. (YOU made your own mistakes, did you not?)  -- Lazarus Long

Never decide to buy anything while listening to the salesman.
 -- Edmund C. Berkeley

Never do anything for the first time.  -- Paul Herbig

Never drink from your finger bowl--it contains only water.

Never eat at a place called Mom's.  -- Nelson Algren

Never find your delight in another's misfortune.  -- Publius Syrus

Never frighten a little man. He'll kill you.  -- Lazarus Long

Never go to a doctor whose house plants have died.  -- Erma Bombeck

Never grow old where you once have been great.  -- Italo Bombolini

Never have anything to do with an unlucky place, or an unlucky man.  I have
seen many clever men, very clever men, who had not shoes to their feet.  I
never act with them.  Their advice sounds very well, but they cannot get on
themselves; and if they cannot do good to themselves, how can they do good
for me?  -- Baron Rothschild

Never insult an alligator until after you have crossed the river.
 -- Cordell Hull

Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repainting.

Never join with your friend when he abuses his horse or his wife, unless the
one is about to be sold, and the other to be buried.  -- Colton

Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
 -- Salvor Hardin

Never look a gift horse in the mouth.

Never needlessly disturb a thing at rest.  -- John Randolph

Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
 -- Sam Brown

Never play cards with a man called Doc.  -- Nelson Algren

Never purchase anything with a handle on it--it means work.

Never say "The White House wants"--buildings don't "want."  -- Donald Rumsfeld

Never say maybe in the same circulation area where you just said never.
 -- Vic Gold

Never say no.

Never say without qualification that your activity has sufficient space, money,
staff, etc.  -- Douglas Evelyn

Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.

Never sell your hens on a wet day.

Never send a letter requesting information to an editor unless you expect to
receive a prolix letter in return.  -- Robert Cook

Never shirk from doing anything which your business calls you to do.  The man
who is above his business may one day find his business above him.  -- Drew

Never simply say, "Sorry, we don't have what you are looking for."  Always say,
"Too bad, I just sold one the other day."  -- Robert Skole

Never suffer an exception to occur 'til the new habit is securely rooted in
your life.  Each lapse is like the letting fall of a ball of string which one
is carefully winding up; a single slip undoes more than a great many turns
will wind again.  -- William James

Never tamper with the truth.  Never rationalize it.  What you might like to
believe is not necessarily the truth.

Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.

Never tell people how to do things.  Tell them what to do and they will
surprise you with their ingenuity.  -- Gen. George S. Patton

Never tell them what you wouldn't do.  -- Adam Clayton Powell

Never trust a man who is Dr. Jekyll to those above him and Mr. Hyde to those
below him.  -- Charles Brower

Never try to out-stubborn a cat.  -- Lazarus Long

Never try to teach a pig to sing;  it wastes your time and it annoys the pig.

Never underestimate the nature and quality of the enemy.  -- Clausewitz

Never underestimate the power of a platitude.  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.

Never use one word when a dozen will suffice.  -- Paul Herbig

New opinions are always suspected, and usually opposed, without any other
reason but because they are not already common.  -- John Locke

New systems create new problems.  -- Dr. John Gall

News always travels by the fastest available route.  -- Major Whitey Ardmore

News stories expand and time contracts, meeting inexorably each day twenty
minutes after a man is supposed to be home for dinner.  -- Ray O'Neil

Nice going, sweetheart.  -- Joe Patroni

Nice guys finish last.

Nice guys get sick.

Nine times out of ten the man who listens to reason is thinking of some way
to refute it.

No Negro American can be free until the lowliest Negro in Mississippi is no
longer disadvantaged because of his race.  -- Ralph Bunche

No action is without side effects.  -- Barry Commoner

No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment
can prove me wrong.  -- Albert Einstein

No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
 -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

No argument can be drawn from the abuse of a thing against its use.

No atheist, as such, can be a true friend, an affectionate relation, or a loyal
subject.  -- Dr. Bentley

No ball game is ever much good unless the people involved hate each other.
 -- Avery

No books are lost by lending except those you particularly want to keep.
 -- Alan Atwood

No bounds his headlong, vast ambition knows.  -- Rowe.

No class of Americans, so far as I know, has ever objected ... to any amount
of governmental meddling if it appeared to benefit that particular class.
 -- Carl Becker

No committee could ever come up with anything as revolutionary as a camel--
anything as practical and as perfectly designed to perform effectively
under such difficult conditions.  -- Laurence J. Peter

No company is far preferable to bad, because we are more apt to catch the
vices of others than virtues, as disease is far more courageous than health.
 -- Colton

No cord or cable can draw so forcible, or bind so fast, as love can do with a
single thread.  -- Burton

No dog will knock a vase over unless it has water in it.

No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself on the grounds that it was human
nature.

No enemy is so terrible as a man of genius.  -- Disraeli

No experiment is ever a complete failure.  It can always serve as a bad
example, or the exception that proves the rule (but only if it is the first
experiment in the series).

No gnus is good gnus.

No good deed goes unpunished.  -- Clare Boothe Luce

No man can be wise on an empty stomach.  -- George Eliot

No man can possibly improve in any company for which he has not respect enough
to be under some degree of restraint.  -- Chesterfield

No man is lonely while eating spaghetti.  -- Robert Morely

No man is so foolish but he may sometimes give another good counsel, and no
man so wise that he may not easily err if he takes no other counsel than his
own.  He that is taught only by himself has a fool for a teacher.
 -- Ben Johnson

No man of honor, as that word is usually understood, did ever pretend that his
honor obliged him to be chaste and temperate, to pay his creditors, to be
useful to his country, or to do good to mankind, to endeavor to be wise or
learned, to regard his word, his promise, or his oath.  -- John Hall

No man was ever so much deceived by another as by himself.  -- Greville

No man's life, liberty, or property are safe while the legislature is in
session.

No matter how many reporters share a cab, and no matter who pays, each puts the
full fare on his own expense account.  -- Edward P. O'Doyle

No matter how many times you've had it, if it's offered, take it, because it'll
never be quite the same again.  -- John Cameron

No matter how much you do, you'll never do enough.

No matter how often you trade dinner or other invitations with in-laws, you
will lose a small fortune in the exchange.
 Corollary: Don't try it; you cannot drink enough of your in-laws' booze to
            get even before the liver fails.  -- Jackson Clark

No matter how thin you slice it, it's still baloney.  -- Alfred E. Smith

No matter what happens, there is always somebody who knew that it would.

No matter what occurs, there is always someone who believed it happened
according to his pet theory.

No matter what result is anticipated, there is always someone willing to fake
it.

No matter what the product or service might be, you can always find it
somewhere else cheaper!  -- Ebenezer Scrooge

No matter what the result, there is always someone eager to misinterpret it.

No matter which train you are waiting for, the wrong one comes first.
 -- J. R. Meditz

No morality can be founded on authority, even if the authority were divine.

No one can enjoy freedom unless he is willing to surrender some part of it.

No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.

No one ever prayed heartily without learning something.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

No one is as tired as the person who does nothing.

No one is ever old enough to know better.  -- Holbrook Jackson

No one knows his own servants as badly as the master.

No one loves the man whom he fears.  -- Aristotle

No one man can terrorize a whole nation unless we are all his accomplices.

No one remembers learning how to use a spoon, it is something that is learned
and not taught.

No one whom you ask for help will see it either.

No policy intervention in social problems produces the intended effect--if the
research is carried out by independent third parties, especially those
skeptical of the policy.  -- James Q. Wilson

No reckoning made, but sent to my account
With all my imperfections on my head.  -- Shakespeare

No slave is ever freed, save he freeth himself.

No state has an inherent right to survive through conscript troops and, in the
long run, no state ever has. Roman matrons used to say to their sons: "Come
back with your shield, or on it". Later on this custom declined. So did Rome.
 -- Lazarus Long

No two people perceive the same thing identically.  -- Jack A. Marshall

Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.

Nobody can read Freud without realizing that he was the scientific equivalent
of another nuisance, George Bernard Shaw.  -- Robert Maynard Hutchins

Nobody notices when things go right.  -- M. Zimmerman

Nobody perceives anything with total accuracy.  -- Jack A. Marshall

Nobody really knows what's going on anywhere within your organization.

Nobody suffers the pain of birth or the anguish of loving a child in order for
presidents to make wars, for governments to feed on the substance of their
people, for insurance companies to cheat the young and rob the old.
 -- Lewis Lapham

Nobody talks more of free enterprise and competition and of the best man
winning than the man who inherited his father's store or farm.
 -- C. Wright Mills

Nobody, including the Supreme court, knows what obscenity is.  -- Norman Dorsen

Non-cooperation with evil is as much a duty as is cooperation with good.

None are so old as those who have outlived enthusiasm.

None but a fool is always right.  -- Hare

None but an author knows an author's cares,
Or fancy's fondness for the child she bears.  -- William Cowper

None but the well-bred man knows how to confess a fault, or to restrain himself
to lust in his heart.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

None can comprehend eternity but the eternal God.  Eternity is an ocean,
whereof we shall never see the shore; it is a deep where we can find no
bottom; a labyrinth from whence we cannot extricate ourselves and where we
shall ever lose the door.  -- Boston

Nonsense is good only because common sense is so limited.  -- George Santayana

Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none.
 -- Shakespeare

Not a day passes over this earth, but men and women of no note do great deeds,
speak great words and suffer noble sorrows.  -- Charles Reed

Not all the pumice of the polish'd town
Can smooth the roughness of the barnyard clown;
Rich, honor'd, titled, he betrays his race,
By this one mark--he's awkward in his face.  -- Holmes

Nothing can occur beyond the strength of faith to sustain, or, transcending the
resources of religion, to relieve.  -- Binney

Nothing causes a prince to be so much esteemed as great enterprises and giving
proof of prowess.  It keeps the people's minds uncertain and astonished and
it keeps them occupied in watching the result.

Nothing increases your golf score like witnesses.

Nothing is certain except death and taxes.  Bretagna's Corollary:  If anything
else is permanent, it is the fact that, given any roadway, somewhere upon it
there will be someone going slower than you are.  -- Nicholas Bretagna II

Nothing can so alienate a voter from the political system as backing a winning
candidate.  -- Mark B. Cohen

Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his
goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude.
 -- W. W. Zeige

Nothing can take the place of practical experience out in the world.

Nothing ever goes away.  -- Barry Commoner

Nothing in education is so astonishing as the amount of ignorance it
accumulates in the form of inert facts.  -- Henry Adams

Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.

Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.  -- Fred Bucy, TI, Inc.

Nothing is ever as simple as it seems.

Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
 -- A. H. Weiler

Nothing is new; we walk where others went;
There's no vice now but has its precedent.  -- Herrick

Nothing is so contagious as enthusiasm; it is the real allegory of the tale of
Orpheus; it moves stones, it charms brutes.  Enthusiasm is the genius of
sincerity, and truth accomplishes no victories without it.  -- Bulwer

Nothing is so good as it seems beforehand.  -- George Eliot

Nothing is so great an instance of ill-manners as flattery.  If you flatter all
the company you please none; if you flatter only one or two, you affront all
the rest.  -- Jonathon Swift

Nothing is ultimate.

Nothing makes a man and wife feel closer, these days, than a joint tax return.

Nothing minor ever happens to a car on a trip.
Nothing minor ever happens to a car on the weekend.
 Nothing minor ever happens to a car.  -- Charles D. Hartman

Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that
he is superior to the other.  -- Honore de Balzac

Nothing so much prevents our being natural as the desire of appearing so.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

Nothing splendid has ever been achieved except by those who dared believe that
something inside them was superior to circumstance.  -- Bruce Barton

Nothing succeeds like success.  -- Alexandre Dumas, Pere

Nothing ventured, nothing gained.

Nothing will be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.

Nothing worth a damn is ever done as a matter of principle.  If it is worth
doing, it is done because it is worth doing.  If it is not, it's done as a
matter of principle.  -- James T. Evans

Nothing, indeed, but the possession of some power can with any certainty
discover what at the bottom is the true character of any man.  -- Burke

Nought shall prevail against us, or disturb
Our cheerful faith, that all which we behold
Is full of blessings.  -- Wordsworth

Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.

Now good digestion wait on appetite, and health on both.  -- Shakespeare

Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure;
Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.  -- Byron

Now that we are no longer a growth company, your beard is a liability.

Numbers are symbols for things; the number and the thing are not the same.
 -- G. O. Ashley

Numbers are tools, not rules.  -- G. O. Ashley

Nuptial love maketh mankind, friendly love perfecteth it; but wanton love
corrupteth and embaseth it.  -- Bacon

O cursed ambition, thou devouring bird, how dost thou from the field of honesty
pick every grain of profit or delight, and mock the reaper's toil!  -- Harvard

O that my tongue were in the thunder's mouth!  Then with a passion would I
shake the world.  -- Shakespeare

O thou who dost inhabit in my breast,
Leave not the mansion, so long tenantless;
Lest growing ruinous the building fall,
And leave no memory of what it was.  -- Shakespeare

O to be self-balanced for contingencies!  O to confront night, storms, hunger,
ridicule, accidents, rebuffs as trees and animals do!  -- Walt Whitman

O you much partial gods!  Why gave ye men affections, and not power to govern
them?  -- Ludovick Barry

O! love is like the rose,
And a month it may not see,
Ere it withers where it grows.  -- Bailey

ONE-SHOT CASE STUDY: The scientific equivalent of the four-leaf clover, from
which it is concluded all clover possesses four leaves and is sometimes green.

OREGANO (Or-e-GAH-no): The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.

OSHA's Discovery:  Wet manure is slippery.

Obituaries are the last writes.

Occam's Razor:  Entities ought not to be multiplied except from necessity.
 -- William of Occam

Of all affliction taught a lover yet
'Tis sure the hardest science to forget.  -- Alexander Pope

Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.

Of all mankind, each loves himself the best.  -- Terence

Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item, the reaction that
will occur is the one which will liberate the greatest amount of hot air.
 -- Thomas L. Martin

Of all the agonies of life, that which is most poignant and harrowing--that
which for the most time annihilates reason and leaves our whole organization
one lacerated, mangled heart--is the conviction that we have been deceived
where we placed all the trust of love.  -- Bulwer

Of all the passions that possess mankind,
The love of novelty rules most the mind;
In search of this, from realm to realm we roam;
Our fleets come fraught with ev'ry folly home.  -- Foote

Of all the strange "crimes" that human beings have legislated out of nothing,
"blasphemy" is the most amazing--with "obscenity" and "indecent exposure"
fighting it out for second and third place.  -- Lazarus Long

Of all the tyrants the world affords,
Our own affections are the fiercest lords.  -- Earl of Sterling

Of all wild beasts preserve me from a tyrant;
Of all tame--a flatterer.  -- Johnson

Of the delights of this world man cares most for sexual intercourse, yet he
has left it out of his heaven.  -- Mark Twain

Of two possible events, only the undesired one will occur.

Of what use are forms, seeing at times they are empty?  Of the same use as
barrels, which are at times empty too.  -- Hare

Offences ought to be pardoned, for few offend willingly, but as they are
compelled by some affection.  -- Hegesippus

Often statistics are used as a drunken man uses lampposts - for support rather
than illumination.

Often the test of courage is not to die but to live.  -- Conte Vittorio Alfieri

Oh what a fate worse than death it is to be strapped to the back of a Wookiee!
 -- C-3PO

Oh! greatness! thou art a flattering dream,
A wat'ry bubble, lighter than the air.  -- Tracy

Oh! how many torments lie in the small circle of a wedding ring.
 -- Colley Cibber

Oh, sons of earth! attempt ye still to rise,
By mountains pil'd on mountains to the skies?
Heaven still with laughter the vain toil surveys,
And buries madmen in the heaps they raise.  -- Alexander Pope

Oh, what is so rare as a full day's work in June?  -- Baldwin Sells

Old Jedi Knights never die; they just fade in and fade out.

Old Scottish Prayer:  O Lord, grant that we may always be right, for Thou
knowest we will never change our minds.

Old age is fifteen years older than I am.  -- Bernard M. Baruch

Old friends are best.  King James used to call for his old shoes; they were
easiest to his feet.  -- John Seldon

Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their
inability to give bad examples.

Om Mani Padme Hum.

Omissions, no less than commissions, are often times branches of injustice.
 -- Antoninus

Omittance is no quittance.  -- Shakespeare

On Monday mornings I am dedicated to the proposition that all men are
created jerks.  -- Avery

On a beautiful day like this it's hard to believe anyone can be unhappy, but
we'll work on it.  -- Donald Barr

On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation
in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does.
 -- Will Rogers

On alcohol:  four is one more than more than enough.  -- Jim Pastore

On beginning play, as many balls as may be required to obtain a satisfactory
result may be played from the first tee.  Everyone recognizes a good player
needs to "loosen up" but does not have time for the practice tee.
 -- Donald A. Metz

On curing the depression that comes with having to work for a living:
Stay home for a day and watch daytime TV.  -- Sheldon

On second thought, a philosopher is any person who doesn't want what he can't
get.

On soap operas all whites are in personal touch with (a) a doctor and (b) a
lawyer.  -- James L. Davis

On successive charts of the same organization, the number of boxes will never
decrease.  -- Charles P. Boyle

On the other hand are four fingers and a thumb.

On the theory that one should never take anything for granted, follow up on
everything, but especially those items varying from the norm.  The greater
the divergence from normal routine and/or the greater the number of offices
potentially involved, the better the chance a never-to-be-discovered person
will file the problem away in a drawer specifically designed for items
requiring a decision.  -- Douglas Evelyn

Once a man gets a reputation as a liar, he might as well be struck dumb, for
people do not listen to the wind.  -- Pop Baslim

Once a person has been hired, inertia sets in, and the employer would rather
settle for the current employee's incompetence and ideosyncracies than look
for a new employee.  -- Jules Becker

Once a philosopher, twice a pervert.  -- Voltaire

Once during prohibition I was forced to live for days on nothing but food and
water.  -- W. C. Fields

Once economists were asked, "if you're so smart, why ain't you rich?"  Today
they're asked, "Now that you've proved you ain't so smart, how come you got
rich?"  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

Once is not enough.  -- Jacqueline Suzzane

Once more into the breach, dear friends, once more!  -- Shakespeare

Once the erosion of power begins, it has a momentum all its own.

Once things have happened, no matter how accidentally, they will be regarded
as manifestations of an unchangeable higher reason.  -- Prof. Charles Frankel

Once you accept your own death all of a sudden you are free to live. You no
longer care about your reputation ... you no longer care except so far as
your life can be used tactically--to promote a cause you believe in.
 -- Saul Alinsky

Once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them is to use a larger
can.  Old worms never die, they just worm their way into larger cans.
 -- Zymurgy (Conrad Schnieker)

One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's
listening.  -- Franklin P. Jones

One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
 -- Helen Keller

One can never repeat too often, that reason, as it exists in man, is only our
intellectual eye, and that, like the eye, to see, it needs light--to see
clearly and far, it needs the light of heaven.

One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs--but it is amazing how many
eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.
 -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

One crime is concealed by the commission of another.  -- Seneca

One does not dip water with a knife.

One does not have to keep bad governments in to keep Communists out.
 -- John Kenneth Galbraith

One ear heard it, and at the other out it went.  -- Chaucer

One fact is better than one hundred apologies.

One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.

One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
 -- Henry Adams

One function of diplomacy is to dress realism in morality.

One law for the lion and the ox is oppression.  -- William Blake

One learns to itch where one can scratch.  -- Ernest Bramah

One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.

One man with courage makes a majority.  -- Andrew Jackson

One man's "magic" is another man's "engineering." "Supernatural" is a null
word.  -- Lazarus Long

One man's brain plus one other will produce one half as many ideas as one man
would have produced alone.  These two plus two more will produce half again
as many ideas.  These four plus four more begin to represent a creative
meeting, and the ratio changes to one quarter as many ...  -- Anthony Chevins

One man's idea of hell is to be forced to remain in another man's idea of
heaven.

One man's junk is another man's income--and sometimes his priceless antique.
 -- Richard N. Farmer

One man's red tape is another man's system.  -- Dwight Waldo

One man's theology is another man's belly laugh.

One moment of patience may ward off a great disaster; one moment of impatience
may ruin a whole life.

One must be either the anvil or the hammer.  -- Number 2

One must deal openly and fairly with one's forces if maximum effectiveness is
to be achieved.  -- Lord Darth Vader

One need only look at Dolly Parton to realize that good things don't always
come in small packages.

One of life's greatest pleasures: paying the last installment.

One of the greatest unsolved riddles of restaurant eating is that the customer
usually gets faster service when the restaurant is crowded that when it is
half empty; it seems that the less that the staff has to do, the slower they
do it.  -- Sydney J. Harris

One of the joys of travel is visiting new towns and meeting new people.
 -- Genghis Khan

One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and
always a clever thing to say.  -- Will Durant

One of the things capitalism brought into the world was democracy, though
I do not think the two are inseperable.  -- Micheal Harrington

One ought, every day at least, to hear a little song, read a good poem, see
a fine picture and, if possible, speak a few reasonable words.  -- Goethe

One principle object of good-breeding is to suit our behavior to the three
several degrees of men--our superiors, our equals, and those below us.
 -- Jonathon Swift

One thing common to most success stories is the alarm clock.

One thing that helped Rip Van Winkle sleep for 20 years was the fact that none
of his neighbors owned power lawn mowers.

One touch of nature makes the whole world kin.  -- Shakespeare

One truth discovered, one pang of regret at not being able to express it, is
better than all the fluency and flippancy in the world.  -- William Hazlitt

One worthwhile task carried to a successful conclusion is worth half-a-hundred
half-finished tasks.  -- B. C. Forbes

One's roommate (who has early classes) has an alarm clock that is louder than
God's own.

One-third of the people in the United States promote, while the other
two-thirds provide.  -- Will Rogers

Only God can make a random selection.  -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

Only a coward or a madman would give good for evil.

Only a sadistic scoundrel--or a fool--tells the bald truth on social
occasions.  -- Lazarus Long

Only constant and conscientious practice in the Martial Arts will ensure a
long and happy life.  -- Bruce Lee

Only exceptionally rational men can afford to be absurd.  -- Allen Goldfein

Only in time of peace can the wastes of capitalism be tolerated.  -- F. R. Scott

Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an
elephant.

Only the dead fail to rise in my presence.

Only the incompetent and mediocre are always at their best.

Open your purse and your mouth cautiously; and your stock of wealth and
reputation shall, at least in repute, be great.  -- Zimmerman

Opinion, that great fool, makes fools of all.  -- Field

Opinion, the blind goddess of fools, foe
To the virtuous, and only friend to
Undeserving persons.  -- Chapman

Opportunity has hair in front, but behind she is bald; if you seize her by the
forlock, you may hold her, but if suffered to escape, not Jupiter himself can
catch her again.

Order is heaven's first law; and this confest,
Some are, and must be, greater than the rest,
More rich, more wise; but who infers from hence
That such are happier, shocks all common sense.  -- Alexander Pope

Order is the first requisite of liberty.  -- Georg Wilhelm Hegel

Order is the sanity of the mind, the health of the body, the peace of the city,
the security of the state.  As the beams to a house, as the bones to the
microcosm of man, so is order to all things.  -- Southey

Order without liberty and liberty without order are equally destructive.
 -- Theodore Roosevelt

Other people's patterns of expenditure and consumption are irrational and
slightly immoral.  -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

Other people's tools work only in other people's yards.  -- Jane Bryant Quinn

Our actions are our own; their consequences belong to Heaven.  -- Francis

Our acts our angels are, or good or ill,
Our fatal shadows that walk by us still.  -- John Fletcher

Our concern is not how to worship in the catacombs but how to remain human in
the skyscrapers.

Our customer's paperwork is profit.  Our own paperwork is loss.
 -- Tony Brown, Control Data Corp.

Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we oft might win by fearing
to attempt.  -- Shakespeare

Our envy always lasts longer than the happiness of those we envy.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

Our grand business is not to see what lies dimly at a distance, but to do what
lies clearly at hand.  -- Thomas Carlyle

Our greatest glory consists not in never falling, but in rising every time we
fall.  -- Oliver Goldsmith

Our happiness in this world depends on the affections we are enabled to
inspire.  -- Duchesse de Praslin

Our humanity were a poor thing were it not for the divinity which stirs within
us.  -- Bacon

Our judgment can be no better than our information.

Our liberty depends on freedom of the press, and that cannot be limited
without being lost.  -- Thomas Jefferson

Our lifetime may be the last that will be lived out in a technological society.
 -- Isaac Asimov

Our natures are like oil; compound us with anything, yet will we strive to swim
at the top.  -- Beaumont and Fletcher

Our own heart, and not other men's opinions form our true honor.  -- Coleridge

Our passions are like convulsion fits, which, though they make us stronger
for a time, leave us the weaker ever after.  -- Alexander Pope

Our repentance is not so much regret for the evil we have done, as fear of its
consequences.

Ours is a world where people don't know what they want and are willing to go
through hell to get it.

Out of the same substances one stomach will extract nourishment, another
poison; and so the same disappointments in life will chasten and refine one
man's spirit, and embitter another's.  -- William Matthews

PERFORMANCE PROVEN: will operate through warranty period.

PO TEE WEET PEE WONGGG!!! You will be converted into software in 30 seconds!

POST-TEST: A test made too late.

PRE-TEST: A test made too early.

PUNCH	MEN
KICK	WOMEN
CHOP	CHILDREN  -- Sign in window of karate studio

Pacifism is simply undisguised cowardice.  -- Adolf Hitler

Pale death approaches with an equal step, and knocks indiscriminately at the
door of the cottage, and the portals of the palace.  -- Horace

Parents cannot leave a better legacy to the world than well-educated children.

Parkinson's Finding on Journals:  The progress of science varies inversely
with the number of journals published.

Parkinson's First Law:  Work expands so as to fill the time available for its
completion.

Parkinson's Law of Medical Research:  Successful research attracts the bigger
grant which makes further research impossible.

Parkinson's Law of 1000:  An enterprise employing more than 1000 people becomes
a self-perpetuating empire, creating so much internal work that it no longer
needs any contact with the outside world.

Parkinson's Law of Delay:  Delay is the deadliest form of denial.

Parkinson's New Law:  The printed word expands to fill the space available to
it.

Parkinson's Principle of Non-Origination:  It is the essence of grantsmanship
to persuade the Foundation executives that is was they who suggested the
research project and that you were a belated convert, agreeing reluctantly to
all they had proposed.

Parkinson's Second Law:  Expenditure rises to meet income.

Parkinson's Telephone Law:  the effectiveness of a telephone conversation is in
inverse proportion to the time spent on it.

Parkinson's Third Law:  Expansion means complexity and complexity, decay; or to
put it even more plainly--the more complex, the sooner dead.

Passengers on elevators constantly rearrange their positions as people get on
and off so there is at all times an equal distance between all bodies.
 -- John Sharkey

Passion often makes a madman of the cleverest man, and renders the greatest
fools clever.  -- La Rochefoucauld

Passions are fashions.  -- Clifton Fadiman

Patience is sorrow's salve.  -- Winston Churchill

Peace is an extension of war by political means. Plenty of elbow room is
pleasanter--and much safer.  -- Lazarus Long

Pedantry crams our heads with learned lumber, and takes out our brains to make
room for it.  -- Colton

People are always available for work in the past tense.

People are never as happy or as unhappy as they think.

People are never so ready to believe you as when you say things in dispraise
of yourself; and you are never so much annoyed as when they take you at your
word.  -- Somerset Maugham

People at the top make decisions as though times were good when people at the
bottom [know] that the organization is collapsing.  -- Paul Gray

People become progressively less competent for jobs they were once well equipped
to handle.  -- Paul Armer

People don't change; they only become more so.  -- John Bright-Holmes

People fail many times, but they become failures only when they begin to blame
someone else.

People have a way of becoming what you encourage them to be, not what you nag
them to be.

People love high ideals, but they got to be about 33-percent plausible.
 -- Will Rogers

People may forget how fast you did a job, but they will remember how well you
did it.

People see what they have been conditioned to see; they refuse to see what they
don't expect to see.  -- Merle P. Martin

People seldom improve, when they have no other model but themselves to copy.
 -- Oliver Goldsmith

People want JUST taxes more than they want LOWER taxes. They want to know that
every man is paying his proportionate share according to wealth.

People who are always taking care of their health are like misers, who are
hoarding a treasure which they have never spirit enough to enjoy.  -- Sterne

People who are excessively concerned about the environment invariably turn
out to own a great deal of land.  There are damn few unemployed and renters
in the ecology movement.  -- Frank Mankiewicz

People who believe that the dead never come back to life should be here at
quitting time.

People who can't figure out what to do with a Sunday afternoon are often the
same ones who can't wait for retirement.

People who develop the habit of thinking of themselves as world citizens are
fulfilling the first requirement of sanity in our time.  -- Norman Cousins

People who fail to understand their past mistakes may be condemned to make
them over again.

People who go broke in a big way never miss any meals. It is the poor jerk who
is shy half a slug who must tighten his belt.  -- Lazarus Long

People who have no faith in themselves seldom have faith in others.

People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of
them.

People who live in glass houses shouldn't stow thrones.

People who lose their heads are usually the last to miss them.

People who run down others are taking a roundabout way of praising themselves.

People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.

People who wait until they feel like doing a job rarely do.

People who will not admit they've been wrong love themselves more than they
love the truth.

People who write the most interesting and effective letters never answer
letters.  They answer people.

People will accept your idea much more readily if you tell them Benjamin
Franklin said it first.  -- David H. Comins

People will be happy in about the same degree that they are helpful.

People will believe anything if you whisper it.

People will buy anything that's one to a customer.

Perfect happiness, I believe, was never intended by the Diety to be the lot of
one of His creatures in this world; but that He has very much put in our power
the nearness of our approaches to it, is what I have steadfastly believed.
 -- Thomas Jefferson

Perfect valor is to do unwitnessed what we should be capable of doing before
all the world.  -- Duc de La Rochefoucauld

Performance is directly affected by the perversity of inanimate objects.
 -- Charles P. Boyle

Perhaps the most valuable result of all education is the ability to make
yourself do the thing you have to do, when it ought to be done, whether you
like it or not.  -- Thomas Henry Huxley

Perhaps the only true dignity of man is his capacity to despise himself.
 -- George Santayana

Perhaps we are wiser, less selfish and more far-seeing than we were
two hundred years ago. But we are still imperfectly all these good
things, and since the turn of the century it has been remarked that
neither wisdom nor virtue have increased as rapidly as the need for both.
 -- Joseph Wood Krutch

Periods of tranquility are seldom prolific of creative achievement.  Mankind
has to be stirred up.  -- Alfred North Whitehead

Persevering mediocrity is much more respectable, and unspeakably more useful
than talented inconstancy.  -- Dr. James Hamilton

Persons disagreeing with your facts are almost always emotional and employ
faulty reasoning.

Peter's Inversion:  Internal consistency is valued more highly than efficiency.
 -- Laurance J. Peter

Peter's Law:  The unexpected always happens.  -- Laurance J. Peter

Peter's Paradox:  Employees in a hierarchy do not really object to incompetence
in their colleagues.  -- Laurance J. Peter

Peter's Placebo:  An ounce of image is worth a pound of performance.
 -- Laurance J. Peter

Peter's Theorem:  Incompetence plus incompetence equals incompetence.
 -- Laurance J. Peter

Phases of a project:
1.  Exultation.
2.  Disenchantment.
3.  Confusion.
4.  Search for the guilty.
5.  Punishment of the innocent.
6.  Distinction for the uninvolved.

Philosophy has the task and the opportunity of helping banish the concept that
human destiny here and now is of slight importance in comparison with some
supernatural destiny.  -- John Dewey

Philosophy removes from religion all reason for existing ... As the science of
the spirit, it lookes upon religion as a phenomenon, a transitory historical
fact, a psychic condition that can be surpassed.  -- Benedetto Croce

Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.  -- John Keats

Philosophy, when superficially studied, excites doubt; when thoroughly
explored, it dispels it.  -- Bacon

Philosophy--the purple bullfinch in the lilac tree.  -- T. S. Eliot

Philosophy: unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.  -- Henry Adams

Pick the right person the first time.  The headaches you save will be your own.

Pills to be taken in twos always come out of the bottle in threes.
 -- Robert Davis

Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.  -- Don Marquis

Place your clothes and weapons where you can find them in the dark.
 -- Lazarus Long

Platitude: a dull old saw that everyone borrows but no one sharpens.

Platonic friendship: The interval between the introduction and the first kiss.
 -- Sophie Irene Loeb

Pleasant prospects for the future are indicated.

Pleasure soon exhausts us and itself also; but endeavor never does.  -- Richter

Pleasure that comes unlooked for is thrice welcome.  -- Rogers

Pleasure, or wrong or rightly understood,
Our greatest evil, or our greatest good.  -- Alexander Pope

Poetry has been to me "its own exceeding great reward;" it has soothed my
afflictions; it has multiplied and refined my enjoyments; it has endeared
solitude; and it has given me the habit of wishing to discover the good and
the beautiful in all that meets and surrounds me.  -- Coleridge

Poetry is the eloquence of truth.  -- Campbell

Poetry is the revelation of a feeling that the poet belives to be interior
and personal but which the reader recognizes as his own.

Poets are all who love--all who feel great truths--
And tell them.  -- Bailey

Policeman's barbecue--steak-out  -- Raymond D. Love

Political economy:  two words that should be divorced--on grounds of
incompatibility.  -- The Wall Street Journal

Political power is as permanent as today's newspaper. Ten years from now, few
will know or care who the most powerful man in any state was today.
 -- Mark B. Cohen

Politicians who vote huge expenditures to alleviate problems get reelected;
those who propose structural changes to prevent problems get early retirement.
 -- John McClaughry

Politicians will always inflate when given the opportunity.

Politics isn't too bad a profession.  If you succeed, there are many rewards.
If you disgrace yourself, you can always write a book.

Politics makes strange bedfellows.

Positive anything is better than negative nothing.  -- Elbert Hubbard

Positive:  Being mistaken at the top of one's voice.  -- Ambrose Bierce

Poster in Belgrade tourist office:  Visit the Soviet Union before it visits you.

Pour the full tide of eloquence along,
Serenely pure, and yet divinely strong.  -- Alexander Pope

Poverty makes people satirical--soberly, sadly, bitterly satirical.  -- Friswell

Power attracts people but it cannot hold them.  -- Mark B. Cohen

Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.  -- Lord Acton

Practice does not make perfect; perfect practice makes perfect.
 -- Vince Lombardi

... Praise the Power that hath made and preserved us a nation!
Then conquer we must, when our cause it is just,
And this be our motto:  "In God is our trust;"
And the star-spangled banner, O long may it wave
O'er the land of the free, and the home of the brave.  -- Francis Scott Key

Praise the sea, but keep on land.  -- George Herbert

Praise was originally a pension, paid by the world.  -- Jonathon Swift

Preserve the old, but know the new.

Pride makes us esteem ourselves; vanity makes us desire the esteem of others.
It is just today, as Dean Swift has done, that a man is too proud to be vain.
 -- Blair

Pride that dines on vanity, sups on contempt.  -- Benjamin Franklin

Prior Laws of Politics:
(1).  Pay your dues.
(2).  Attend the meetings.  -- Lyndon B. Johnson

Private and secret offices of religion are like the refreshing of a garden with
the distilling and pretty drops of a water pot; but, addressed from the
temple, are like rain from heaven.  -- Jeremy Taylor

Private enterprise ... makes OK private action which would be considered
dishonest in public action.  -- John F. Kennedy

Private enterprise is ceasing to be free enterprise.
 -- Franklin Delano Roosevelt

Private enterprise, indeed, became too private.  It became privileged
enterprise, not private enterprise.  -- Franklin D. Roosevelt

Probably no invention came more easily to man than when he thought up heaven.
 -- G. C. Lichtenberg

Problems worthy of attack prove their worth by hitting back.  -- Pat Hein

Proclaim yourself "World Champ" of something--tiddly-winks, rope-jumping,
whatever--send this notice to newspapers, radio, TV, and wait for challengers
to confront you.  Avoid challenges as long as possible, but continue to send
news of your achievements to all media.  Also, develop a newsletter and
letterhead for communications.  -- Will Yolen

Procrastination is the thief of time.  -- Dr. Young

Productivity = (Number of secretaries X Average typing speed) / (Number of
Scientists).  Note that when the number of scientists is zero, productivity
becomes infinite.  -- Robert Sommer

Profits go to the profit minded.

Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the programmer to
write programs in English, and you will find that programmers cannot write in
English.

Progress is a nice word. But change is its motivator and change has its
enemies.  -- Robert F. Kennedy

Progress is made on alternate Fridays.

Project teams detest weekly progress reporting because it so vividly manifests
their lack of progress.

Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.

Prosperity doth best discover vice; but adversity doth best discover virtue.
 -- Francis Bacon

Protozoa are small, and bacteria are small, but viruses are smaller than the
both put together.

Psst! Shadowfax in the seventh.

Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand
Canyon and waiting for the echo.

Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.  -- Holmes

Purchase not friends with gifts; when thou ceasest to give, such will cease to
love.  -- Fuller

Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the TV screen.  -- Marvin Kitman

Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this:  To visit the
fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from
the world.  -- James I, 27

Purity is the feminine, truth the masculine, of honor.  -- Hare

Purposes, as understood by the purposer, will be judged otherwise by others.
 Corollary: If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody
            will.
 Corollary: If you do something which you are sure will meet with everybody's
            approval, somebody won't like it.
 Corollary: Procedures devised to implement the purpose won't quite work.
 -- Francis P. Chisholm

Put God to work for you and maximize your potential in our divinely ordered
capitalist system.  -- Norman Vincent Peale

Put only the restriction on your pleasures--be cautious that they hurt no
creature that has life.  -- Zimmerman

Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth.

Put your trust in those who are worthy.

Question with boldness even the existence of God; because, if there be one,
he must more approve of the homage of reason than that of blindfolded fear.
 -- Thomas Jefferson

Quit when you're still behind.  -- Pierre Salinger

Quit while you're ahead.  You may not get another chance.

RADICAL: A person whose left hand does know what his other left hand is
doing.  -- Bernard Rosenberg

RANDOMIZATION: The assignment of subjects to conditions in an experiment
according to some preconceived plan. Randomness like chastity is more often
claimed than maintained.

REASON: the Devil's harlot.  -- Martin Luther

REDESIGNED: previous faults corrected, we hope.

RELIABLE: Sometimes capable of giving the same results.

RELIGION: A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the nature
of the Unknowable.  -- Ambrose Bierce

REPUTATION: what others are not thinking about you.

REVIEWER'S NOTE: A rejection slip based upon literature and theories in
vogue during the period the reviewer was studying for his or her Ph.D.

REVOLUTIONARY: it's different from our competitors.

RUGGED: too heavy to lift.

Raising pet electric eels is gaining a lot of current popularity.

RANDOMNESS: The property required to make statistical calculation come out
right.

Rapoport's Rule of the Roller-Skate Key:  Certain items which are crucial to a
given activity will show up with uncommon regularity until the day when that
activity is planned, at which point the item in question will disappear from
the face of the earth.  -- Dan Rapoport

Ray's Hangover Cure:  Stay drunk!

Read and listen for what is missing. Many advisors are quite capable of
stating how to improve what has been proposed, or what's wrong. Few seem
capable of sensing what isn't there.  -- Donald Rumsfeld

Read not to contradict and confute, nor to believe and take for granted, nor to
find talk and discourse, but to weigh and consider.  -- Bacon

Reading maketh a full man, conference a ready man, and writing an exact man.
 -- Bacon

Real joy comes not from ease or riches or from the praise of men, but from
doing something worthwhile.  -- Sir Wilfred Grenfell

Reality is always more conservative than ideology.  -- Raymond Aron

Reality is for people who can't take science fiction.

Reason is the life of the law; nay the common law itself is nothing else but
reason ... The law which is the perfection of reason.  -- Coke

Reason is the test of ridicule--not ridicule the test of truth.  -- Warburton

Reassurance of business by a President has an unfavorable effect on confidence.
 -- Mark Epernay

Rebecca's House Rules:  At least one fits every occasion.
1.  Throw it on the bed.
2.  Fry onions.
3.  Call Jenny's mother.
4.  No one's got the corner on suffering.
5.  Run it under the cold tap.
6.  Everything takes practice, except being born.  -- Sharon Mathews

Rebellion to tyrants is obedience to God.  -- Thomas Jefferson

Recent investments will yield a slight profit.

Rechargable batteries die at the most critical time of the most complex
problem.  -- John L. Shelton

Reform, like charity must begin at home.  Once well at home, how will it
radiate outwards, irrepressible, into all that we touch and handle, speak
and work; kindling every new light by incalculable contagion, spreading, in
geometric ratio, far and wide, doing good only wherever it spreads, and not
evil.  -- Carlyle

Reforms come from below.  No man with four aces howls for a new deal.
 -- John F. Parker

Regardless of whether a mission expands or contracts, administrative overhead
continues to grow at a steady rate.  -- Charles J. Zimmerman

Regularity is unity, unity is godlike, only the devil is unchangeable.
 -- Richter

Religion and Morality are the firmest foundations of the duties of men and
women.  -- Alexander Hamilton

Religion is the best armor that a man can have, but it is the worst cloak.
 -- Bunyan

Remember Gummidge's Law and you will never be found out.

Remember: No matter where you go--there you are.

Remember that time in office is money in the campaign fund.
 -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

Remember your place, programmer, that way you may keep your head.

Remember, the more engineering projects there are, the more products there will
be.  -- Richard F. Moore

Remember: LSD absorbs 47 times its own weight in excess reality.

Republican boys date Democratic girls.  They plan to marry Republican girls,
but feel they're entitled to a little fun first.

Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in this country.
The remainder is thrown out.

Republicans employ exterminators.  Democrats step on the bugs.

Republicans raise dahlias, Dalmations, and eyebrows.  Democrats raise
Airedales, kids, and taxes.

Republicans sleep in twin beds--some even in separate rooms.  That is why there
are more Democrats.

Republicans study the financial pages of the newspaper.  Democrats put them in
the bottom of the bird cage.

Republicans tend to keep their shades drawn, although there is seldom any
reason why they should.  Democrats ought to, but don't.

Republicans usually wear hats and clean their paint brushes.

Research is reading two books that have never been read in order to write a
third that will never be read.

Rest is the sweet sauce of labor.  -- Plutarch

Restrain thy mind, and let mildness ever attend thy tongue.  -- Theognis

Restriction of free thought and free speech is the most dangerous of all
subversions.  Is is the one un-American act that could most easily defeat us.
 -- Justice William O. Douglass

Reunite Gondwanaland!!!

Rewards are usually anti-climactic--the fun is in the doing.

Rich, be not exalted; poor, be not dejected.  -- Cleobulus

Right you are if you say you are--Obscurely.  -- TIME, 30-Dec-77

Rocks have been shaken from their solid base, but what shall move a firm and
dauntless mind?  -- Joanna Baillie

Rose at an instant, learn'd, play'd, ate together;
And wheresoe'er we went, like Juno's swans,
Still we went coupled, and inseparable.  -- Shakespeare

Rowe's Rule: The odds are 6 to 5 that the light at the end of the tunnel is a
headlight of an oncoming express train.

Rule of Parenthood:  Birthday parties always end in tears.
 -- Phyllis C. Richman

Rule of Parenthood:  Enough is never enough.  -- Phyllis C. Richman

Rule of Parenthood:  The sun always rises in the baby's bedroom window.
 -- Phyllis C. Richman

Rule of Parenthood:  Whenever you decide to take the kids home, it is always
five minutes earlier that they break into fights, tears, hysteria.
 -- Phyllis C. Richman

Rules for Academic Deans:
(1). HIDE!!!!
(2). If they find you, LIE!!!!  -- Father Damian C. Fandal

Rules:
1.  The boss is always right.
2.  When the boss is wrong, refer to rule 1.

Run if you like, but try to keep your breath;
Work like a man, but don't be worked to death.  -- Holmes

Run not into debt, either for wares sold, or money borrowed; be content to want
things that are not of absolute necessity, rather than run up the score.
 -- Sir M. Hale

Running together all about,
The servents put each other out,
'Til the grave master had decreed,
The more haste, ever the worst speed.  -- Churchill

Ryan's Law: Make three correct guesses consecutively and you will establish
yourself as an expert.

SATISFACTION GUARANTEED: manufacturer's, upon receipt of the check.

STATISTICAL ANALYSIS: Mysterious, sometimes bizarre, manipulations performed
upon the collected data of an experiment in order to obscure the fact that
the results have no generalizable meaning for humanity. Commonly, computers
are used, lending an additional aura of unreality to the proceedings.

SUCCESS: Living long enough to be a burden on your children.

Sam's Axiom (1): Any line, however short, is still too long.

Sam's Axiom (2): Work is the crabgrass of life, but money is the water that
keeps it green.

Sanity and insanity overlap a fine gray line.  -- Charles van Kriedt

Satan hasn't a single salaried helper; the Opposition employs a million.

Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.

Satire is what closes in New Haven.

Satisfaction derived from a trip goes down as Expectation goes up if Reality
is unchanged.  S = R/E  As Reality becomes more favorable, the chance for
Satisfaction goes up IF Expectation is unchanged.  -- Hall T. Sprague

Sattingler's Law: It works better if you plug it in.

Say's Law:  Supply creates its own demand.

Scheduled changes always mean cutbacks. (Minor schedule adjustments always 
affect YOUR bus (train, whatever))  -- Steve Ross

Science commits suicide when it adopts a creed.  -- Thomas Henry Huxley

Science does not have a moral dimension.  It is like a knife.  If you give it
to a surgeon or a murderer, each will use it differently.  -- Werner von Braun

Science is a flickering light in our darkness, but it is the only one we
have and woe to him who would put it out.  -- Morris Cohen

Science is a history of superceded theories.

Science is a wonderful thing, but it has not succeeded in maximizing pleasure
and minimizing pain, and that's all we asked of it.

Science is facts; just as houses are made of stones, so is science made of
facts; but a pile of stones is not a house and a collection of facts is
not necessarily science.  -- Henri Poincaire

Science is nothing but developed perception, integrated intent, common
sense rounded out and minutely articulated.  -- George Santayana

Science is the refusal to believe on the basis of hope.  -- C. P. Snow

Science seeks generally only the most useful systems of classification:
these it regards for the time being, until more useful classifications are
invented, as true.  -- S. I. Hayakawa

Scientific and humanist approaches are not competitive but supportive, and
both are ultimately necessary.  -- Robert C. Wood

Scientists and engineers set high performance standards for themselves;
therefore, performance appraisal and career planning are perfunctory.
 -- Richard F. Moore

Scientists are Peeping Toms at the keyhole of eternity.  -- Arthur Koestler

Scientists who dislike the restraints of highly organized research like to
remark that a truly great research worker needs only three pieces of
equipment: a pencil, a piece of paper, and a brain .... But they quote this
maxim more often at academic banquets than at budget hearings.  -- Don Price

Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the Presidency.
 -- Richard Nixon

Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.

Secret sources are more credible.  -- Ron Nessen

Secretary's Lament:  Around here I'm a very responsible person.  If anything
happens, I'm responsible.

Security is mostly a superstition.  Security does not exist in nature, nor do
the children of men as a whole experience it.  Avoiding danger is no safer
in the long run than outright exposure.  Life is either a daring adventure
or nothing.  -- Helen Keller

See the world! Learn helicopter maintenance.

Seers and soothsayers read crystal balls to find the future.  Less lucky men
read junk--with more success.  -- Richard N. Farmer

Self-centered people are those who spend so much time talking about themselves
we never get a chance to talk about ourselves.

Self-checking systems tend to have a complexity in proportion to the inherent
unreliability of the system in which they are used.  -- Tom Gibb

Self-defense is nature's oldest law.  -- Dryden

Self-love is more cunning than the most cunning man in the world.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

Self-love is the greatest of flatterers.  -- La Rochefoucauld

Sense switches and data switches should only be used as warm furry buttons:
they don't do anything but when you push them they push back, and make you
feel loved, i.e. for selective printing and tracing in debug.

Seven-eighths of everything can't be seen.

Sex is hereditary.  If your parents never had it, chances are you won't either.
 -- Joseph Fischer

Share your happiness with others today.

She balanced dignity on the tip of her nose.

She has as much originality as a Xerox machine.  -- Laurence J. Peter.

She neglects her heart who studies her glass.  -- Lavater

She's learned to say things with her eyes that others waste time putting into
words.

Short term success with voters on any side of a given issue can be guaranteed
by creating a long-term special study commission make up of at least three
divergent interest groups.  -- Ray Connolly

Show me a good mouser and I'll show you a cat with bad breath.

Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I'll show you a failure.
 -- Thomas Alva Edison

Show us a home with young children and we'll show you a home where every pack
of cards counts out at between 37 and 51.  -- Bill Vaughan

Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.

Sign in a cluttered, old-fashioned hardware store:  "We've got it, if we can
find it."

Sign in a loan company window:  "Now you can borrow enough money to get
completely out of debt."

Silence gives consent, or a horrible feeling that nobody's listening.
 -- Franklin P. Jones

Simple diet is best;  for many dishes bring many diseases; and rich sauces are
worse than even heaping several meats upon each other.  -- Pliny

Simplicity is the true test.  -- Ron Randall

Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.  -- Holmes

Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily. All other "sins" are
invented nonsense. (Hurting yourself is NOT a sin--just stupid.)
 -- Lazarus Long

Since a democratic society repudiates the principle of external authority,
it must find a substitute in voluntary disposition and interest; these can
be created only by education.  -- John Dewey

Since attaining the full use of my reason no one has ever heard me laugh.
 -- Earl of Chesterfield

Since blue-sky projects are targeted for major breakthroughs, they are
relatively immune from planning and control.  -- Richard F. Moore

Since no matter can be created or destroyed (excluding nuclear and cafeteria
substances), as one attempts to remove unwanted material (i.e., trash) from
one's living space, the remaining material mutates so as to occupy 30 to 50
percent more than its original volume.

Since prehistoric man, no battle has ever gone as planned.  -- Donal Graeme

Since the generality of persons act from impulse much more than from principle,
men are neither so good nor so bad as we are apt to think them.  -- Hare

Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're alive.
 -- John Sloan

Sincerity is like traveling in a plain beaten road, which commonly brings a
man sooner to his journey's end than byways, in which men often lose
themselves.  -- Tiliotson

Sink or swim, live or die, survive or perish, I give my heart and my hand to
this vote.  -- Daniel Webster

Sirs, adulation is a fatal thing--
Rank poison for a subject, or a king.  -- Dr. Wolcot

Sixty years ago I knew everything; now I know nothing; education is a
progressive discovery of our own ignorance.  -- Will Durant

Skiing is so much fun. The bright blue above you ... AND THE BRIGHT BLUE BELOW
YOU!

Skill in manipulating numbers is a talent, not evidence of divine guidance.
 -- G. O. Ashley

Skinner's Constant:  That quantity, which, when multiplied by, divided by,
added to, or subtracted from the answer you get, gives you the answer you
should have gotten.

Slander meets no regard from noble minds; only the base believe what the base
only utter.  -- Beller

Slave to no sect, who takes no private road
But looks through nature up to nature's God.  -- Alexander Pope

Sleep is lovely, death is better still, not to have been born is of course the
miracle.  -- Heinrich Heine

Slightly deaf students will have instructors who mumble.  -- M. M. Johnston

Sloth makes all things difficult, but industry all easy; and he that riseth
late, must trot all day, and shall scarce overtake his business at night;
while laziness travels so slowly, that poverty soon overtakes him.
 -- Benjamin Franklin

Sluggish idleness--the nurse of sin.  -- Spenser

Small change can often be found under seat cushions.

Small habits well pursued, betimes,
May reach the dignity of crimes.  -- Hannah More

Small opportunities are often the beginnings of great achievements.

Smile! You're on Candid Cookie!

Snowflakes are one of nature's most fragile things, but just look at what they
can do when they stick together.

So much of what we call management consists in making it difficult for people
to work.

So sure are you! Tried have you? ... Always with you it cannot be done. Hear you
nothing that I say? ... Try not. Do! Or do not. There is no try.  -- Yoda

So we grew together, like to a double cherry, seeming parted but yet a union in
partition, two lovely berries moulded on one stem; so, with two seeming
bodies, but one heart.  -- Shakespeare

Social Democracy rests on the assumption that it is desirable to preserve
the capitalist system of private enterprise, and that the evils of this
system can be sufficiently corrected by the democratic method of procedure.
 -- Carl Becker

Social groups are generally in disarray.  To protect themselves from other
groups, especially the groups just below them, groups will attempt to convey
an appearance of interior order and purpose they do not possess.
 -- Arthur Herzog

Social institutions will change only at the speed required to protect them
from attack--slowly or fast to the degree required, but usually slowly.  They
will put off change as long as possible.  -- Arthur Herzog

Social legislation cannot repeal physical laws.  -- Dalin B. Oaks

Social values and habits dictate economic activity and not the other way
around.  -- Alexander Hamilton

Socialism is bureaucracy of the people, by the people, and for the people.

Socialism is nothing but the capitalism of the lower classes.
 -- Oswald Spengler

Socialism is workable only in heaven where it isn't needed, and in hell where
they've got it.  -- Cecil Palmer

Socialism works, but nowhere as efficiently as in the beehive and the anthill.

Society can only pursue its normal course by means of a certain progression of
changes.  -- John, Viscount Morley

Society heaps honors on the unique, creative personality, but not until he has
been dead for fifty years.  -- Charles Merrill Smith

Society is like a lawn, where every roughness is smoothed, every bramble
eradicated, and where the eye is delighted by the smiling verdure of a velvet
surface.  He, however, who would study nature in its wildness and variety,
must plunge into the forest, must explore the glen, must stem the torrent, and
dare the precipice.  -- Washington Irving

Some are weatherwise, some are meteorologists.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be
chewed and digested.  -- Bacon

Some do, some don't.

Some hae meat that canna eat,
And some would eat that want it;
But we hae meat, and we can eat,
Sae let the Lord be thankit.  -- Burns

Some men are discovered; others are found out.

Some men become proud and insolent because they ride a fine horse, wear a
feather in their hat or are dressed in a fine suit of clothes.  Who does not
see the folly of this?  If there be any glory in such things, the glory
belongs to the horse, the bird and the tailor.  -- St. Frances de Sales

Some men put me in mind of half-bred horses, which often grow worse in
proportion as you feed and exercise them for improvement.  -- Greville

Some of it plus the rest of it is all of it.

Some people LOVE cats for what they are; others ARE cats for what they love.

Some people are quick to criticize cliches, but what is a cliche?  It is a
truth that has retained its validity through time.  Mankind would lose half
its hard-earned wisdom, built up patiently over the ages, if it ever lost its
cliches.  -- Marvin G. Gregory

Some people who slap you on the back are trying to help you swallow what they
just told you.

Some people will believe anything if it is whispered to them.

Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when you
finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even worse.  -- Avery

Some play for gain; to pass time others play
For nothing; both play the fool I say:
Nor time nor coin I'll lose, or idly spend;
Who gets by play, proves loser in the end.  -- Heath

Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.

Someone has compared Southern California to a granola cereal;  when you take
away the fruits and the nuts, all you have left are the flakes.

Someone is speaking well of you.

Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.

Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.

Sometimes the best law of all is no law at all.  Not all the world's ills are
susceptible to legislative correction.  -- Pierre S. du Pont

Sometimes the crowd is right.

Sometimes, where a complex problem can be illuminated by many tools, one can be
forgiven for applying the one he knows best.  -- Robert Machol

Sorrow seems sent for our instruction, as we darken the cages of birds when we
would teach them to sing.  -- Richter

Sorry about that, Chief!  -- Maxwell Smart

Soup is the essence of meat.

Sour discontent that quarrels with our fate
May give fresh smart, but not the old abate;
The uneasy passion's disingenuous wit,
The ill reveals but hides the benefit.  -- Sir Richard Blackmore

Southside Johnny prefers singing to sex.

Space expands to house the people to perform the work that Congress creates.
 -- Haynes Johnson

Spanish Civil War Communique:  Our troops advanced today without losing a foot
of ground.

Speak little and well, if you would be esteemed as a man of merit.  -- Trench

Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman.  -- Dave Millman

Speak the language of the country you are in; speak it purely, and unlarded
with any other.  -- Chesterfield

Speaking generally, no man appears great to his contemporaries, for the same
reason that no man is great to his servants--both know too much of him.
 -- Colton

Speed bumps are of negligible effect when the vehicle exceeds triple the
desired restraining speed.

Spirits of peace, where are ye? Are ye all gone?
And leave me here in wretchedness behind ye?  -- Shakespeare

Spite is a little word, but it represents as strange a jumble of feelings and
compound of discords, as any polysyllable in the language.  -- Charles Dickens

Sprinkle's Law:  Things fall at right angles.

STATE: A state is a situation which can be recognized if it occurs again.

Statements by respected authorities which tend to agree with a writer's
viewpoint are always handy.  -- Amrom Katz

Statistics are a highly logical and precise method for saying a half-truth
inaccurately.

Stay in with the Outs (the Ins will make so many mistakes you can't afford to
alienate the Outs).

Stock Market Axiom:  The public is always wrong.

Stockbroker's Declaration:  The market will rally from this or lower levels.

Strong people always have strong weaknesses.

Stability is more essential to success than brilliance.  -- Richard Lloyd Jones

Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.

Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.

State capitalism is a contradiction in terms.

Still waters run deep.

Stockmayer's Theorem:  If it looks easy, it's tough.  If it looks tough, it's
damn near impossible.

Stoicism is the wisdom of madness and cynicism the madness of wisdom.
 -- Bergen Evans

Stop searching forever. Happiness is just next to you.

Stop searching forever. Happiness is unattainable.

Strong reasons make strong actions.  -- Shakespeare

Student's snack--cramberries  -- Raymond D. Love

Students who obtain an A for a course will claim that the instructor is a great
teacher.  -- M. M. Johnston

Success can be insured only by devising a defense against the contingency plan.
 -- Charles P. Boyle

Success goes to your head, failure to your heart.

Success in management--at any level--depends on the ability to pick the right
people for the right jobs.

Success is being able to hire someone to mow the lawn while you play golf
for exercise.

Success is doing what you like to do and making a living at it.

Success is not a harbor but a voyage with its own perils to the spirit. The
game of life is to come up a winner, to be a success, or to achieve what we
set out to do. Yet there is always the danger of failing as a human being.
The lesson that most of us on this voyage never learn, but can never quite
forget, is that to win is sometimes to lose.  -- Richard M. Nixon

Success is overrated. Incompetence is what we should revere--it marks us off
from animals.  -- Stephen Pile

Success is the result of behavior that completely contradicts the usual
expectations about the behavior of a successful person.  -- Felix R. Paturi

Success makes us intolerant of failure, and failure makes us intolerant of
success.  -- William Feather

Success provides more opportunities to say things than the number of things a
pundit has worth saying.  -- Douglas Pike

Success seems to be that which forms the distinction between confidence and
conceit.  Nelson, when young was piqued at not being noticed in a certain
paragraph of the newspapers, which detailed an action wherein he had assisted.
"But never mind," said he, "I will one day have a gazette of my own."
 -- Colton

Such a house broke!
So noble a master fallen!  All gone and not
One friend to take his fortune by the arm
And go along with him.  -- Shakespeare

Sufficient monies to do the job correctly the first time are usually not
available; however, ample funds are much more easily obtained for repeated
major redesigns.

Superstition renders a man a fool, and scepticism makes him mad.  -- Fielding

Support organizations can always prove success by showing service to someone
... not necessarily you.  -- Douglas Evelyn

Surely happiness is reflective like the light of heaven; and every countenance,
bright with smiles and glowing with innocent enjoyment, is a mirror,
transmitting to others the rays of a supreme and evershining benevolence.
 -- Washington Irving

Surely there is something in the unruffled calm of nature that overawes our
little anxieties and doubts:  The sight of the deep-blue sky, and the
clustering stars above, seems to impart a quiet to the mind.  -- Edwards

Survey taker to resident:  Do you realize that that choice puts you in the two-
percent lunatic fringe?  -- Bernhardt

Swap read error.  You lose your mind.

Sweet are the uses of adversity,
Which like the toad, ugly and venomous,
Wears yet a precious jewel in his head;
And this our life, exempt from public haunt,
Find tongues in trees, books in the running brooks,
And good in everything.  -- Shakespeare

Sweet is the hour of rest,
Pleasant the wind's low sigh,
And the gleaming of the west,
And the turf whereon we lie.  -- Mrs. Hemans

Sweet speaking oft a currish heart reclaims.  -- Sidney

Systems display antics.  -- Dr. John Gall

Systems in general work very poorly or not at all.  -- Dr. John Gall

Systems tend to grow, and as they grow, they encroach.  -- Dr. John Gall

TANK:  A means of transportation the Soviet army uses to visit its friends.

The Programmers' Cheer?--
SHIFT TO THE LEFT, SHIFT TO THE RIGHT!
POP UP, PUSH DOWN, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE!

The maxim that "Honesty is the best policy" is one which, perhaps, no one is
ever habitually guided by in practice.  An honest man is always before it,
and a knave is generally behind it.  -- Whately

The news of the day, no matter how trivial or unimportant, always takes up
more time than a married man has.  -- Ray O'Neil

The people of Rome have always destroyed their greatest sons.
 -- Benito Mussolini

TINSTAFL!--There is no such thing as free love.  -- Solomon Short

Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.

Take any religious mystery, any theological proposition:  expressed in ordinary
terms it will read like sheer nonsense to the outsider, from the ritualistic,
symbolic eating of human flesh and blood practiced by all the Christian sects
to the outright cannibalism practiced by some savages.  -- Major Whitey Ardmore

Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
 -- Lazarus Long

Take care to be an economist in prosperity; there is no fear of your not being
one in adversity.  -- Zimmerman

Take each man's censure, but reserve thy judgement.  -- Shakespeare

Take rather than give the tone to the company you are in.  If you have smarts
you will show them more or less upon every subject; and if you have not, you
had better talk sillily upon a subject of other people's than of your own
choosing.  -- Chesterfield

Take thy correction mildly.  Kiss the rod.  -- Shakespeare

Taken as a whole, the universe is absurd.  -- Walter Savage Landor

Talent in staff work or sales will recurringly be interpreted as managerial
ability.  -- Charles P. Boyle

Talent is what you possess; genius is what possesses you.

Talent, lying in the understanding, is often inherent; genius, being the action
of reason and imagination, rarely or never.  -- Coleridge

Talk not of comfort, 'tis for lighter ills; I will indulge my sorrows, and give
way to all the pangs and fury of despair.  -- Addison

Talk of revolution is one way of avoiding reality.  -- John Kenneth Galbraith

Talk of the devil, and his horns appear.

Talkers are no good doers.  -- Shakespeare

Talking is a digestive process which is absolutely essential to the mental
constitution of the man who devours many books.  A full mind must have talk,
or it will grow dyspeptic.  -- William Matthews

Taxes are going up so fast, the government is likely to price itself out of
the market.

Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.

Tea! thou soft, thou sober sage, and venerable liquid;--thou female tongue-
running, smile-smoothing, heart-opening, wink tippling cordial, to whose
glorious insipidity I owe the happiest moments of my life, let me fall
prostrate!  -- Colley Cibber

Ten thousand years from now, the only story this civilization will tell will
be in its junk piles--so observe what is important!  -- Richard N. Farmer

Ten years of experience should add up to more than one year's experience
multiplied by ten.

Tennyson is a beautiful half of a poet.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

Testimony is like an arrow shot from a long bow; the force of it depends on the
strength of the hand that draws it.  Argument is like an arrow from a cross-
bow, which has equal force though shot by a child.  -- Bacon

That inexhaustible good nature, which is itself the most precious gift of
Heaven, spreading itself like oil over the troubled sea of thought, and
keeping the mind smooth and equable in the roughest weather.  -- Irving

That is utterly preposterous.

That life is long which answers life's great end.  -- Young

That must be wonderful!  I don't understand it at all.

That only with propriety be styled refinement which, by strengthening the
intellect, purifies the manners.  -- Coleridge

That politics has a bearing on business confidence is unproven.  -- Mark Epernay

That segment of the community with which one has the greatest sympathy as a
liberal inevitably turns out to be one of the most narrow-minded and bigoted
segments of the community.  -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

That tendency to err that programmers have been noticed to share with other
human beings has often been treated as if it were an awkwardness attendant
upon programming's adolescence, which like acne would disappear with the
craft's coming of age.  It has proved otherwise.  -- Mark Halpren

That the birds of worry and care fly above your head, this you cannot change,
but that they build nests in your hair, this you can prevent.

That truth cannot be material in any respect, is contrary to the nature of
things.  No tribunal, no codes, no systems can repeal or impair this law of
God, for by his eternal laws it is inherent in the nature of things ... It is
evident that if you cannot apply this mitigated doctrine for which I speak ...
you must for ever remain ignorant of what your rulers do.  I can never think
this ought to be; I never did think the truth was a crime; I am glad the day
is come in which it is to be decided; for my soul has ever abhorred the
thought, that a free man dared not speak the truth.  -- Alexander Hamilton

That which has not been taught directly can never be taught directly.

That which is good to be done, cannot be done too soon; and if it is neglected
to be done early, it will frequently happen that it will not be done at all.
 -- Bishop Mant

That which seems the height of absurdity in one generation often becomes the
height of wisdom in another.  -- Adlai Stevenson

That which we acquire with the most difficulty we retain the longest; as those
who have earned a fortune are usually more careful with it than those who
have inherited one.  -- Colton

That which we call sin in others is experiment for us.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

That's a valiant flea that dares eat his breakfast on the lip of a lion.
 -- Shakespeare

That's not writing, that's typing!  -- Truman Capote

That's one small step for [a] man, one giant leap for mankind.
 -- Neil Armstrong

That's one thing about these babies.  They never learned to read.
 -- Joe Patroni

That's only true because it's true.

That's the trouble with this country.  The whole place is filled with penniless
patriots.  -- Rosa Bombolini

That, Sir, is the good of counting.  It brings everything to a certainty,
which before floated in the mind indefinitely.  -- Samuel Johnson

The "think positive" leader tends to listen to his subordinates' premonitions
only during the postmortems.  -- Charles P. Boyle

The 20/80 Law:  20 percent of the customers account for 80 percent of the
turnover, 20 percent of the components account for 80 percent of the cost,
and so forth.  -- Vilfredo Pareto

The Advertising Agency Song:
When your client's hopping mad,
Put his picture in the ad.
If he still should prove refractory,
Add a picture of his factory.

The American Republic and American business are Siamese twins; they came out
of the same womb at the same time; they are born in the same principles, and
when American business dies, the American republic will die, and when the
American Republic dies, American business will die.  -- Josiah W. Bailey

The American people aren't interested in details.  -- Lyn Nofziger

The Android greets his friends politely
 And veils behind his lowered lids
The jealousy which plagues him nightly
 Because he can't have sex, or kids.

The Banana Principle: Heuristic devices don't tell you when to stop.

The Beat-Inflation garden we planted so enthusiastically just two months ago is
to be rededicated as an ecological exhibit.  It illustrates zero growth.

The Bougourre Factor changes the equation to fit the Universe.

The Brain-Eye Law: To a certain extent, observational power can compensate for
mental weakness.

The Communist system must be based on the will of the people, and if the people
should not want that system, then that people should establish a different
system.  -- Nikita S. Krushchev

The Constitution ... speaks of liberty and prohibits the deprivation of liberty
without due process of law.  In prohibiting that deprivation the Constitution
does not recognize an absolute and uncontrollable liberty.
 -- Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes

The Diddle factor changes things so that the equation and the universe appear
to fit, without requiring any real change in either.  This has the
characteristic of eliminating differences by dropping the subject
under discussion to zero importance.

The Eighth Commandment of Frisbee:  In any crowd of spectators at least one
will suggest that razor blades could be attached to the disc.  ("You could
maim and kill with that thing.")  -- Dan Roddick

The English laws punish vice; the Chinese laws do more, they reward virtue.
 -- Oliver Goldsmith

The Eye-Brain Law: To a certain extent, mental power can compensate for
observational weakness.

The Fifth Commandment of Frisbee:  The best catches are never seen.  ("Did you
see that?"--"See what?")  -- Dan Roddick

The Finagle Factor is characterized by changing the Universe to fit the
equation.

The First Commandment of Frisbee:  The most powerful force in the world is that
of a disc straining to land under a car, just beyond reach.  This force is
technically called "car suck".  -- Dan Roddick

The First Law of Bicycling:  No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and
against the wind.

The Fourth Commandment of Frisbee:  The higher the costs of hitting any object,
the greater the certainty it will be struck.  (Remember--the disc is positive
--both cops and old ladies are clearly negative).  -- Dan Roddick

The Generalized Thermodynamic Law (Systems Theory): More probable states are
more likely to be observed than less probable states, unless specific
constraints exist to keep them from occurring.

The Generalized Thermodynamic Law (Systems Theory): The things we see more
frequently are more frequent: (1) because there is some physical reason to
favor certain states or (2) because there is some mental reason.

The How Come It All Landed On Me Law:  Whatever hits the fan will not be evenly
distributed.

The Jovian invaders sort a
 Bunch of captives in the nude:
These for breeding, those for slaughter,
 And the fattest ones for food.

The Law Conservation of Energy:  The total amount of energy in the universe
is constant.  -- Dr. John Gall

The Law of Fashion -- The same dress is:
  indecent 10 years before its time
  daring 1 year before its time
  chic in its time
  dowdy 3 years after its time
  hideous 20 years after its time
  amusing 30 years after its time
  romantic 100 years after its time
  beautiful 150 years after its time  -- James Laver

The Law of Happy Particularities: Any general system law will have at least
two particular applications.  -- Gerald Weinberg

The Law of Medium Numbers: For medium number systems, we can expect that large
fluctuations, irregularities, and discrepancy with any theory will occur more
or less regularly. (This is more succinctly expressed by Murphy: Anything
that can happen, will happen.)

The Law of Raspberry Jam:  The wider any culture is spread, the thinner it
gets.  -- Stanley Edgar Hyman

The Law of Unhappy Peculiarities: Any general system law will have at least
two peculiar exceptions.  -- Gerald Weinberg

The Law of the Too, Too Solid Point:  In any collection of data, the figure
that is most obviously correct--beyond all need of checking--is the mistake.

The Lord giveth, Uncle Sam taketh away.

The Lord made grass, // Man made booze; // Who CAN you trust?

The Lump Law: If we want to learn anything, we mustn't try to learn everything.

The Ninth Commandment of Frisbee:  The greater your need to make a good catch,
the greater the probability your partner will deliver his worst throw.  (If
you can't touch it, you can't trick it.)  -- Dan Roddick

The Principle of Indifference: Laws should not depend on a particular choice
of notation.

The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests and to
his imagination for his facts.  -- Sheridan

The Rockettes are so perfect you'd think they were Xeroxed.  -- Irene Peter

The Russian dictatorship of the proletariat has made a farce of the whole
Marxist vision: developing a powerful, privileged ruling class to prepare for
a classless society, setting up the most despotic state in history so that the
state may wither away, establishing by force a colonial empire to combat
imperialism and unify the workers of the world.  -- Herbert J. Muller

The Second Commandment of Frisbee:  The higher the quality of a catch or the
comment it receives, the greater the probability of a crummy throw.  (Good
catch = bad throw.)  -- Dan Roddick

The Second Order Rule of Bureaucracy:  The more directives you issue to solve
a problem, the worse it gets.  -- Jack Robertson

The Seventh Commandment of Frisbee:  The most powerful hex words in the sport
are--"I really have this down--watch."  (Know it?  Blow it!)  -- Dan Roddick

The Sixth Commandment of Frisbee:  The greatest single aid to distance is for
the disc to be going in a direction you did not want.  (Goes the wrong way =
Goes a long way.)  -- Dan Roddick

The Supreme Court says three may keep a secret, if two of them used to work for
the CIA.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

The Tenth Commandment of Frisbee:  The single most difficult move with a disc
is to put it down.  (Just one more.)  -- Dan Roddick

The Third Commandment of Frisbee:  One must never precede any maneuver by a
comment more predictive than, "Watch this!"  (Keep 'em guessing.)
 -- Dan Roddick

The Yeti, whom we know of only
 By the tracks he leaves behind,
Hunts the mountains, sad and lonely,
 For a mate to breed his kind.

The ability of our people to deceive themselves is the highest art of the
nation.

The absent are always in the wrong.

The absent are like children, helpless to defend themselves.  -- Charles Reade

The absent are never without fault.  Nor the present without excuse.
 -- Benjamin Franklin

The accessibility, during recovery, of small parts which fall from the work
bench, varies directly with the size of the part--and inversely with its
importance to the completion of the work underway.

The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts.  -- John Locke

The advantage of a classical education is that it enables you to despise the
wealth which it prevents you from achieving.  -- Russell Green

The age of innocent faith in science and technology may be over ... every
major advance in the technological competence of man has enforced
revolutionary changes in the economic and political structure of society.
 -- Barry Commoner

The aim of education is the knowledge not of fact, but of values.
 -- Dean William R. Inge

The alternative to the totalitarian state is the cooperative commonwealth.
 -- Norman Thomas

The amount of effort put into a campaign by a worker expands in proportion to
the personal benefits that he will derive from his party's victory.
 -- Milton Rakove

The amount of flak on any subject is inversely proportional to the subject's
true value.

The amount of junk carried is in direct proportion to the amount of space
available.  -- Tony Hogg

The amount of litter in the street is proportional to the local rate of
unemployment.  -- David Lloyd-Jones

The amount of pleasure derived from a cigarette is directly proportional to the
number of the non-smokers in the vicinity.  -- Raj K. Dhawan

The amount of quaint, authentic, rustic charm varies inversely with the pounds
per square inch of water pressure in the shower.  High charm, low pressure.
 -- Frank Mankiewicz

The amount of research devoted to a topic in human behavior is inversely
proportional to its importance and interest.  -- Bernard I. Murstein

The amount of success is in inverse proportion to the effort in attaining
success.  -- Felix R. Paturi

The amount of time you have to wait for a bus is directly proportional to the
inclemency of the weather.  -- John Corcoran

The amount of trash accumulated within the space occupied is exponentially
proportional to the number of living bodies that enter and leave within any
given amount of time.

The analogy to athletics must be pressed until all recognize that in the
exercise of intellect those who lack the muscles, coordination, and will power
can claim no place at the training table, let alone on the playing field.
 -- Jacques Barzun

The ancient sage who concocted the maxim, "Know Thyself" might have added,
"Don't Tell Anyone!"  -- H. F. Henrichs

The aristocrat is right in that only a few people in any society make a real
difference, but the democrat is more deeply right when he insists that we
cannot predict where such valuable people are coming from and therefore have
an obligation to keep all lines open.  -- Sydney J. Harris

The art of acceptance is the art of making someone who has just done you a
small favor wish that he might have done you a greater one.  -- Russell Lynes

The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.  -- William James

The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change
amid order.  -- Alfred North Whitehead

The ass is still an ass, e'en though he wears a lion's hide.  -- Shakespeare

The atom was not meant to be explored--
Its splitting was the work of brazen fools.
Let's march until the Stone Age is restored,
With rocks and flints our kind of splitting tools.
Atomic Power?  Seal it in its grave.
We are Progressive.  Onward to the cave!  -- Jack Kirwan

The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.

The attention paid to an instructor is a constant regardless of the size of the
class.  Thus as class size swells, the amount of attention paid per student
drops in direct ratio.  -- Richard J. Herrnstein

The average Ph.D. thesis is nothing but a transference of bones from one
graveyard to another.  -- J. Frank Dobie

The balls of sight are so formed, that one man's eyes are spectacles to
another, to read his heart from within.  -- Johnson

The beautiful are never desolate,
But someone always loves them.  -- Bailey

The beginning of wisdom is the definition of terms.  -- Socrates (470?-399 B.C.)

The beginnings and the endings of all human undertakings are untidy.
 -- John Galsworthy

The belief that enhanced understanding will necessarily stir a nation or an
organization to action is one of mankind's oldest beliefs.  -- Andrew Hacker

The best index to a person's character is (a) how he treats people who can't do
him any good, and (b) how he treats people who can't fight back.
 -- Abigail Van Buren

The best investment you can make is hard work.

The best laid schemes o' mice an' men,
Gang aft agley,
And lea'e us nought by grief and pain,
For promised joy.  -- Burns

The best may slip, and the most cautious fall;
He's more than mortal that ne'er err'd at all.  -- Pomfret

The best portion of a good man's life,
His little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.  -- Wordsworth

The best programmers, designers, and architects are lazy.  -- Dick Munroe

The best prophet of the future is the past.

The best rules to form a young man are, to talk little, to hear much, to
reflect alone upon what has passed in company, to distrust one's own opinions,
and value others that deserve it.  -- Sir William Temple

The best security against revolution is in constant correction of abuses and
the introduction of needed improvements.  It is the neglect of timely repair
that makes rebuilding necessary.  -- Richard Whately

The best simpleminded test of expertise in a particular area is an ability
to win money in a series of bets on future occurrences in that area.
 -- Graham Allison

The best sort of revenge is not to be like him who did the injury.  -- Antoninus

The best substitute for experience is being sixteen.

The best time for marriage will be towards thirty, for as the younger times are
unfit, either to choose or to govern a wife and family, so, if thou stay long,
thou shalt hardly see the education of thy children, who, being left to
strangers, are in effect lost; and better were it to be unborn than ill-bred;
for thereby thy posterity shall either perish or remain a shame to thy name.
 -- Sir Walter Raleigh

The best time to look for work is after you get the job.

The best way I know of to win an argument is to start by being in the right.
 -- Quentin Hogg,M.P.

The best way out is always through.  -- Robert Frost

The best way out of a problem is through it.

The best way to get and keep good people is to give them room to grow.

The best way to keep children home is to make the home atmosphere pleasant--
and let the air out of the tires.  -- Dorothy Parker

The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.

The best way to publicize a governmental or political action is to attempt to
hide it.  -- Mark B. Cohen

The best-educated human being is the one who understands most about the life
in which he is placed.  -- Helen Keller

The better part of valor is discretion; in the which better part I have saved
my life.  -- Shakespeare

The big guys always win.  -- Jeffrey F. Chamberlain

The bigger the man, the less likely he is to object to caricature.
 -- Guernsey Le Pelley

The biggest step you can take is the one you take when you meet the other
person halfway.

The bitter part of discretion is valor.  -- Henry W. Nevinson

The blush is nature's alarm at the approach of sin and her testimony to the
dignity of virtue.  -- Fuller

The bread and onions you ate this morning tasted better than any feast to a
man who expects to eat again, and the sun through the grills overhead is
brighter for you than for any man who expects to see it rise tomorrow.
 -- Pandarus the Gladiator

The bread never falls but on its buttered side.

The bull wears himself out on the cape and never sees the sword.
 -- Dr. Randall Brooks

The bus that left the stop just before you got there is your bus.
 -- John Corcoran

The business of living is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of
ourselves.

The candidate who is expected to do well because of experience and reputation
(Douglas, Nixon) must do better than well, while the candidate expected to
fare poorly (Lincoln, Kennedy) can put points on the media board by simply
surviving.  -- Vic Gold

The cat in gloves can do the pruning in the Rose Garden.
 -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

The chain of habit coils itself around the heart like a serpent, to gnaw and
stifle it.  -- Hazlitt

The chameleon may change its color, but it is the chameleon still.
 -- Shakespeare

The chance of the bread falling buttered side down is directly proportional to
the cost of the carpet.

The chemist labors, weak and weary,
 Searching for a wonder-drug
That will prove his favorite theory ...
 And that doesn't melt the jug.

The chief cause of problems is solutions.  -- Eric Sevareid

The chief defect of a democracy is that only the political party out of office
knows how to run the government.

The chief pleasure (in eating) does not consist in costly seasoning, or
exquisite flavor, but in yourself.  Do you seek sauce by sweating?  -- Horace

The child is father of the man.  -- Wordsworth

The Christians were the first to make the existence of Satan a dogma of the
church.

The cigarette smoke always drifts in the direction of the non-smoker regardless
of the direction of the breeze.  -- Raj K. Dhawan

The circumstances of the modern world make nonsense of the pretensions to
moral or intellectual granduer.  -- Lewis Lapham

The citizen is influenced by principle in direct proportion to his distance
from the political situation.  -- Milton Rakove

The clear conception, outrunning the deductions of logic, the high purpose, the
dauntless spirit, speaking on the tongue, beaming from the eye, informing
every feature, and urging the whole man onward, right onward, to his object,
this is eloquence, or rather it is something greater and higher than all
eloquence--it is action noble, sublime, godlike action.  -- Webster

The compromise will always be more expensive than either of the suggestions it
is compromising.

The computer is a moron!

The conclusions of most good operations research studies are obvious.
 -- Robert E. Machol

The confidence of the business executive in a President is inversely related
to the state of business.  -- Mark Epernay

The conqueror is regarded with awe, the wise man commands our esteem, but it is
the benevolent man who wins our affection.

The consciousness of clean linen is in and of itself a source of moral strength
only second to that of a clean conscience.  A well-ironed collar, or a fresh
glove, has carried many a man through the emergency in which a wrinkle or a
rip would have defeated him.  -- E. E. Phelps

The contemplation of celestial things will make a man both speak and think more
sublimely and magnificently when he descends to human affairs.  -- Cicero

The contest for ages has been to rescue liberty from the grasp of executive
power.  -- Daniel Webster

The conventional wisdom is that power is an aphrodisiac.  In truth, it's
exhausting.  -- Dom Bonafede

The correct way to punctuate a sentence that starts: "Of course it is none of
my business but--" is to place a period after the word "but." Don't use
excessive force in supplying such moron with a period. Cutting his throat is
only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you talked about.
 -- Lazarus Long

The corruption in a country is in inverse proportion to its state of
development.  -- Nathan Miller

They could neither of 'em speak for rage and so fell a sputtering at one another
like two roasting apples.  -- Congreve

The countenance may be rightly defined as the title page which heralds the
contents of the human volume, but like other title pages, it sometimes
puzzles, often misleads, and often says nothing to the purpose.
 -- William Matthews

The creditor whose appearance gladdens the heart of a debtor, may hold his head
in sunbeams and his foot on storms.  -- Lavater

The criterion of true beauty is, that it increases in examination; of false,
that it lessens.  There is something, therefore, in true beauty that
corresponds with the right reason, and it is not merely the creature of fancy.
 -- Grenville

The critical mass of any do-it-yourself explosive is never less than half a
bucketful.  -- Eric Frank Russell

The crucial memorandum will be snared in the out-basket by the paper clip of
the overlaying correspondence and go to file.  -- Charles P. Boyle

The cruelest thing that has happened to Lincoln since he was shot by Booth was
to fall into the hands of Sandburg.  -- Edmund Wilson

The crusades ended several centuries ago after killing thousands of people.
The most important issues arouse intense passions.  Earmuffs to block the
shouting are inappropriate, but filter the feedback.  Joining a cause and
leading a constituency are not mutually exclusive, but neither are they
necessarily synonymous.  Neither welfare nor profits are "obscene".
 -- Pierre S. du Pont

The cure for capitalism's failing would require that a government would have
to rise above the interests of one class alone.  -- Robert L. Heilbroner

The cynic who doesn't believe in anything still wants you to believe him.

The danger of the past was that men became slaves. The danger of the future
is that men may become robots.

The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction to a tedious
book.

The decent moderation of today will be the least human of things tomorrow.
At the time of the Spanish Inquisition, the opinion of good sense and of the
good medium was certainly that people ought not to burn too large a number of
heretics; extreme and unreasonable opinion obviously demanded that they burn
none at all.  -- Maurice Maeterlinck

The deficiency will never show itself during the dry runs.  -- Charles P. Boyle

The degree of a country's development is measured by the ratio of the price of
an automobile to that of the cost of a haircut.  The lower the ratio, the
higher the degree of development.  -- Charles P. Issawi

The degree of failure is in direct proportion to the effort expended and to the
need for success.

The degree of one's emotion varies inversely with one's knowledge of the facts
--the less you know the hotter you get.  -- Bertrand Russell

The demonstrably true statements of the sciences, especially in recent times,
have the uncomfortable inclination never to stay put, although, at any given
moment they are, and must be, valid for all.  -- Hannah Arendt

The desire for modeling a prototype is inversely proportional to the decline of
the prototype.

The desire for racial integration increases with the square of the distance
from the actual event.

The desire of knowledge, like the thirst of riches, increases ever with the
acquisition of it.  -- Sterne

The desire of power in excess caused angels to fall; the desire of knowledge in
excess caused man to fall; but in charity is no excess, neither can man or
angels come into danger by it.  -- Bacon

The devil can quote scripture for his purpose.  -- Shakespeare

The devil could change. He was once an angel and may be evolving still.

The devil does not stay where the music is.

The devil hath power to assume a pleasing shape.

The devil is a gentleman who never goes where he is not welcome.

The devil is easy to identify. He appears when you're terribly tired and makes
a very reasonable request which you know you shouldn't grant.

The devil is making his pitch.

The devil knew not what he did when he made man politic.  -- Shakespeare

The devil would be the best way out as an excuse for God ... But even so, one
can hold God responsible for the existence of the Devil.

The difference between a career and a job is twenty or more hours a week.

The difference between a chef and a cook seems to be in who cleans up the
kitchen.  -- Paul Sweeney

The difference between a rich man and a poor man is this--the former eats when
he pleases, the latter when he can get it.  -- Sir Walter Raleigh

The difference between a successful career and a mediocre one sometimes
consists of leaving about four or five things a day unsaid.

The difference between failure and success is doing a thing nearly right and
doing a thing exactly right.  -- Edward Simmons

The difference between perseverance and obstinacy is that one often comes from
a strong will, and the other from a strong won't.

The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science
requires reasoning, while those other subjects merely require scholarship.
 -- Lazarus Long

The difficulty of finding any given trail marker is directly proportional
to the importance of the consequences of failing to find it.  -- Milt Barber

The difficulty of getting anything started increases with the square of the
number of people involved.  -- Jim MacGregor

The difficulty of the coordination task often blinds one to the fact that a
fully coordinated piece of paper is not supposed to be either the major or
the final product of the organization, but it often turns out that way.
 -- Amrom Katz

The difficulty with humorists is that they will mix what they believe
with what they don't; whichever seems likelier to win an effect.
 -- John Updike

The diminutive chains of habit are seldom heavy enough to be felt until they
are too strong to be broken.  -- Samuel Johnson

The discipline of desire is the background of character.  -- John Locke

The distance between the ticket counter and your plane is directly proportional
to the weight of what you are carrying and inversely proportional to the time
remaining before takeoff.  -- Gary Witzenburg

The distance from the gate from which your flight departs is inversely
proportionate to the time remaining before the scheduled departure of the
flight.  -- Edward S. Mills

The distance you have to park from your apartment increases in proportion to
the weight of the packages you are carrying.

The doctor hoped to save for science
 An abnormal baby, bred
Of who knows what mad misalliance ...
 Too late. One head's already dead.

The doctrine of the material efficacy of prayer reduces the Creator to a
cosmic bellhop of a not very bright or reliable kind.

The dog was created especially for children.  He is the god of frolic.
 -- Henry Ward Beecher

The doing evil to avoid an evil cannot be good.  -- Coleridge

The dossier is not the person.  -- Dr. John Gall

The duty of the people is to tend to their affairs.  The duty of government is
to help them do it.  This is the pasta of politics.  The inspired leader, the
true prince, no matter how great, can only be sauce upon the pasta.
 -- Italo Bombolini

The early bird catches the worm as a rule, but the guy who comes along later
may be having lobster Newburg and crepes suzette.  -- Charles Merrill Smith

The early morning has gold in its mouth.  -- Benjamin Franklin

The early sun is gold in the mouth.

The earth, that's nature's mother, is her tomb.  -- Shakespeare

The earthmen dump their cola-bottles,
 Cans and packs and empty jars,
At random... so the aesthete throttles
 Those who made the mess on Mars.

The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and add
ten percent.

The easiest way to find something lost around the house is to buy a
replacement.  -- Jack Rosenbaum

The easiest way to refold a road map is differently.

The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on weather
forecasters.  -- Jean-Paul Kauffmann

The education of a man is never completed until he dies.  -- Robert E. Lee

The effectiveness of a politician varies in inverse proportion to his
commitment to principle.  -- Sam Shaffer

The effort expended by the bureaucracy in defending any error is in direct
proportion to the size of the error.  -- John Nies

The effort required to correct course increases geometrically with time.

The empty vessel makes the greatest sound.  -- Shakespeare

The end of man is an action, and not a thought, though it were the noblest.
 -- Carlyle

The energy required to change either one of two states will always be more than
you wish to expend, but never so much as to make the task impossible.
 -- David Gerrold

The error-detection and correction capabilities of any system will serve as
the key to understanding the type of errors which they cannot handle.
 -- Tom Gibb

The essence of intelligence is skill in extracting meaning from everyday
experience.

The essence of life is taking over.

The evil that men do lives after them;
The good is oft interr'd with their bones.  -- Shakespeare

The evil you teach us, we will execute, and it shall go hard but we will better
the instruction.  -- Shakespeare

The excesses of our youth are drafts upon our old age, payable with interest,
about thirty years after date.  -- Colton

The expenditure of funds is critical--engineers and scientists should not be
permitted to authorize any purchase.  -- Richard F. Moore

The expert judgement of an institution, when the matters involve continuation
of the institution's operations, is totally predictable, and hence the finding
is totally worthless.  -- Robert N. Kharasch

The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions is the most likely to be
correct.

The eye sees not itself but by reflection, by some other things.  -- Shakespeare

The eyes of the emperor are everywhere.  -- Brodrig

The fact is, squire, the moment a man takes to a good pipe, he becomes a
philosopher; it's the poor man's friend; it calms the mind, soothes the
temper, and makes a man patient under troubles; it has made more good men good
husbands, kind masters, indulgent fathers and honest fellows, than any other
thing on this universal world.  -- Richard Haliburton

The fact, in short, is that freedom, to be meaningful in an organized society,
must consist of an amalgam of hierarchy of freedoms and restraints.
 -- Samuel Hendel

The faculty expands its activity to fit whatever space is available, so that
more space is always required.  -- Thomas L. Martin

The faith in which I was brought up assured me that I was better than other
people: I was saved, they were damned ... Our hymns were loaded with
arrogance--self-congratulation on how cozy we were with the Almighty and
what a high opinion he had of us, what hell everybody else would catch come
judgement day.  -- Robert Heinlein

The farther away from the entrance of the market (theater, or any other
given location) that you have to park, the closer the space vacated by the
car that pulls away as you walk up to the door.  -- Judith deMille Berson

The faster the plane, the narrower the seats.  -- John H. Durrell

The fault lies not with our technology but with our systems.  -- Roger Levin

The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars,
But in ourselves that we are underlings.  -- William Shakespeare

The fawning, sneaking, and flattering hypocrite, that will do, or be anything,
for his own advantage.  -- Stillingfleet

The fear of capitalism has compelled socialism to widen freedom, and the fear
of socialism has compelled capitalism to increase equality.
 -- Will and Ariel Durant

The fewer our wants, the nearer we resemble the gods.  -- Socrates

The final answer will exceed the magnitude or precision or both of the
calculator.

The finding of threats to security by a security office is totally predictable,
and hence the finding is totally worthless.  -- Robert N. Kharasch

The firmest friendships have been formed in mutual adversity, as iron is most
strongly welded by the fiercest fire.

The first 90 percent of the task takes 90 percent of the time, the last 10
percent takes the other 90 percent.

The first and worst of all frauds is to cheat oneself.  All sin is easy after
that.  -- Baily

The first creation of God in the works of the days was the light of the sense,
the last was the light of the reason; and his Sabbath work ever since is the
illumination of the spirit.  -- Bacon

The first draught a man drinks ought to be for thirst, the second for
nourishment, the third for pleasure, the fourth for madness.

The first idea that the child must acquire, in order to be actively
disciplined, is that of the difference between good and evil; and the task of
the educator lies in seeing that the child does not confuse good with
immobility, and evil with activity.

The first impression one gets of a new ruler and his brains is from seeing the
men he has chosen to have around him.

The first ingredient in conversation is truth, the next, good sense, the third,
good humor, and the fourth, wit.  -- Sir William Temple

The first myth of management is that it exists.  The second myth of management
is that success equals skill.  -- Robert Heller

The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
 -- Paul Ehrlich

The first sample is always the best.  -- William K. Wright

The first step to knowledge is to know that we are ignorant.  -- Cecil

The first symptom of love in a young man is timidity, in a girl it is boldness.
The two sexes have a tendency to approach, and each assumes the qualities of
the other.  -- Victor Hugo

The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.

The first thing in the human personality that dissolves in alcohol is dignity.

The first time you buy a house you see how pretty the paint is and buy it. The
second time you look to see if the basement has termites. It's the same with
men.  -- Lupe Velez

The flood of my tears washed out the bridge of my nose.

The food that I like best--the food that makes me hungry just to think of--
is very simple ... When I cook I try never to get too far away from that kind
of simplicity.  -- Jeremiah Tower

The forces of a capitalist society, if left unchecked, tend to make the
rich richer and the poor poorer.  -- Jawaharial Nehru

The friends thou hast, and their adoption tried, grapple them to thy soul with
hooks of steel; but do not dull thy palm with entertainment of each new
hatched, unfledged comrade.  -- Shakespeare

The fullest instruction, and the fullest enjoyment are never derived from
books, 'til we have ventilated the ideas thus obtained, in free and easy chat
with others.  -- William Matthews

The function of socialism is to raise suffering to a higher level.
 -- Norman Mailer

The fundamental idea of good is that it consists in preserving life, in
favoring it, in wanting to bring it to its highest value, and evil consists
in destroying life, doing it injury, hindering its development.
 -- Albert Schweitzer

The further an individual is from the poorhouse, the more expert one becomes
on the ghetto.  -- James L. Davis

The fury engendered by the misspelling of a name in a column is in direct ratio
to the obscurity of the mentionee.  -- Alan Deitz

The gamester, if he die a martyr to his profession, is doubly ruined.  He adds
his soul to every other's loss, and by the act of suicide, renounces earth to
forfeit heaven.  -- Colton

The gates of hell are open night and day;
Smooth the descent, and easy is the way;
But to return, and view the cheerful skies,
In this the task and mighty labor lies.  -- Dryden

The general prizes most the fortress which took the longest siege.
 -- Edward Garrett

The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.

The goal of all life is death.  -- Sigmund Freud

The goal of yesterday will be the starting point of tomorrow.  -- Carlyle

The gods plant reason in mankind, of all good gifts the highest.  -- Sophocles

The good are better made by ill,
As odors crush'd are sweeter still.  -- Rogers

The good die young--because they see it's no use living if you've got to be
good.

The good need fear no law,
It is his safety, and the bad man's awe.  -- Massinger, Middleton, and Rowley

The government [is] extremely fond of amassing great quantities of statistics.
These are raised to the nth degree, the cube roots are extracted, and the
results are arranged into elaborate and impressive displays.  What must be
kept ever in mind, however, is that in every case, the figures are first put
down by a village watchman, and he puts down anything he damn well pleases.
 -- Sir Josiah Stamp

The great creative individual ... is capable of more wisdom and virtue than
collective man ever can be.  -- John Stuart Mill

The great end of education is to discipline rather than to furnish the mind;
to train it to the use of its own powers, rather than fill it with the
accumulation of others.  -- Tryon Edwards

The great god Ra whose shrine once covered acres
Is filler now for crossword-puzzle makers.

The great question is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content
with failure.

The great secret of life is never to be in the way of others.  -- Haliburton

The great truths are too important to be new.  -- Somerset Maugham

The greater the number of professionals (advanced degrees preferred) assigned
to a project, the greater the progress.  -- Richard F. Moore

The greatest danger to human beings is their consciousness of the trivialities
of their aims.  -- Gerald Brennen

The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal,
well-meaning but without understanding.  -- Justice Louis D. Brandeis

The greatest genius is never so great as when it is chastised and subdued by
the highest reason.  -- Colton

The greatest of all faults is to be conscious of none.  -- Carlyle

The greatest of fools is he who imposes on himself, and in greatest concern
thinks certainly he knows that which he has least studied, and of which he is
profoundly ignorant.  -- Shaftesbury

The greatest productive force is human selfishness.

The greatest truths are the simplest; so are the greatest men.

The greatness of kings is made at the margin; the greatness of legislatures, at
the mean.  That is to say, a monarch is judged by individual virtues and
performance, but no legislature can be called great because it contained one
or a few impressive individuals, to whom it paid no heed.  The standard of
judgement for monarchs and legislatures is always the same:  the happiness and
well-being of the people.  -- Michael Scully

The guard dies, but never surrenders.  -- Fougemont

The guy was all over the road. I had to swerve a number of times before I hit
him.

The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of relatives
on the train for home.

The heart is wiser than the intellect.

The heart will break, yet brokenly live on.  -- Lord Byron

The herd instinct among forecasters make sheep look like independent thinkers.
 -- Edgar R. Fiedler

The high-water mark, so to speak, of Socialist literature is W. H. Auden, a
sort of gutless Kipling.  -- George Orwell

The higher a monkey climbs, the more you see of his behind.
 -- Gen. Joe Stilwell

The higher the tuition, the fewer days they spend in school.
 -- Frank Mankiewicz

The higher you go the more dependent you become on others.

The higher, the fewer.

The history of liberty has largely been the history of the observance of
procedural safeguards.  -- Justice Felix Frankfurter

The history of liberty is the history of resistance ... [it is a] history of
the limitation of governmental power.  -- Woodrow Wilson

The history of the world is the record of man in quest of his daily bread and
butter.

The hole and the patch should be commensurate.  -- Thomas Jefferson

The home is not the one tame place in the world of adventure.  It is the one
wild place in the world of rules and set tasks.  -- G. K. Chesterson

The honeymoon is over when he phones that he'll be late for supper--and
she has already left a note that it's in the refrigerator.  -- Bill Lawrence

The human heart is often the victim of the sensations of the moment; success
intoxicates it to presumption, and disappointment dejects and terrifies it.
 -- Volney

The human race never solves any of its problems--it only outlives them.
 -- Solomon Short

The hypnotist is fascinating
 Mary in her modest gown,
Meantime mentally debating:
 Is she blonde the whole way down?

The idea is for a woman to make her life as big, as challenging as she can,
and know that during that life there will be men who will love her for what
she is trying to be, just as there have always been men who loved her for not
trying to be anything at all.  -- Lee Grant

The idea is to die young as late as possible.  -- Ashley Montagu

The implied convertibility between a unit of real money produced by labor and
an article of wealth created by human labor for the market must be assured.
Therefore, the value of the monetary unit should have a real objective
regulator.  -- Lewis E. Lehrman

The importance of the man and his job, in that relative order, rises in direct
proportion to the distance separating his audience from his home office.

The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf has.
Even when you make a tax form out on the level, you don't know when it's
through if you are a crook or a martyr.  -- Will Rogers

The inevitable result of improved and enlarged communication between different
levels in a heirarchy is a vastly increased area of misunderstanding.
 -- Thomas L. Martin

The information you can obtain costs more than you want to pay!

The information you have is not what you need.

The information you have is not what you want.

The information you need is not what you can obtain.

The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the
inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries.
 -- Winston Churchill

The ink of the scholar is more sacred than the blood of the martyr.  -- Mohammed

The insolent civility of a proud man is, if possible, more shocking than his
rudeness could be; because he shows you, by his manner, that he thinks it mere
condescension in him; and that his goodness alone bestows upon you what you
have no pretense to claim.  -- Chesterfield

The integral of the gravitational potential taken around any loop trail you
choose to hike always comes out positive.  -- Milt Barber

The intellect of the wise is like glass; it admits the light of heaven and
reflects it.  -- Hare

The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the number of
participants.  -- Adam Walinsky

The intelligent man finds almost everything ridiculous, the sensible man
almost nothing.  -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

The intensity of movie publicity is in inverse ratio to the quality of the
movie.  -- Gene Shalit

The intoxication of anger, like that of the grape, shows us to others, but
hides us from ourselves, and we injure our own cause, in the opinion of the
world, when we too passionately and eagerly defend it.  -- Colton

The job of satire is to frighten and enlighten.  -- Richard Condon

The keen spirit
Seized the prompt occasion--makes the thought
Start into instant action, and at once
Plans and performs, resolves and executes.  -- Hannah Moore

The knob that fires the mighty missile
 May make World War Three begin,
Write our fate in fires of fissile--
 Hey! You fool! You've knocked it in!

The lagging activity in a project will invariably be found in the area where
the highest overtime rates lie waiting.  -- Charles P. Boyle

The larger the project or job, the less time there is to do it.
 -- George A. Daher

The larva from its dusty cranny
 Danny took, and laid on cloth
To watch it hatch ...  Too bad for Danny!
 He thought the pupa held a moth.

The last rush-hour express bus to your neighborhood leaves five minutes before
you get off work.  -- John Corcoran

The last thing one knows is what to put first.  -- Pascal

The last, best fruit which comes to perfection, even in the kindliest soul, is,
tenderness toward the hard, forbearance toward the unforbearing, warmth of
heart toward the cold, philanthropy toward the misanthropic.  -- Richter

The leader who can enlist cooperation and respect, without having to pull
rank, has power of the most positive kind.

The leadership of the privileged has passed away; but it has not been succeeded
by the leadership of the eminent.  We have entered the region of mass effects.
 -- Winston Churchill

The legibility of a copy is inversely proportional to its importance.

The length of a meeting rises with the square of the number of people present.
 -- Eileen Shanahan

The length of any meeting is inversely proportional to the length of the agenda
for that meeting.  -- G. Robert McLaughlin

The length of debate varies inversely with the complexity of the issue.
 -- Robert Knowles

The less a thing can be proved, the angrier we get when we argue about it.

The less important you are on the table of organization, the more you'll be
missed if you don't show up for work.

The less some people know the more eager they are to tell you about it.

The less there is between you and the environment, the more you appreciate the
environment.

The less you enjoy serving on committees, the more likely you are to be pressed
to do so.  (Explanation:  If you do not like committees, you keep quiet, nod
your head, and look wise while thinking of something else and thereby acquire
the reputation of being a judicious and cooperative colleague; if you enjoy
committees, you talk a lot, make many suggestions and are regarded by the
other members as a nuisance.)  -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

The life expectancy of a television comedian is proportional to the total
amount of exposure on the medium.

The life of a cigarette is proportional to the intensity of the protests from
the non-smokers.  -- Raj K. Dhawan

The life of a pious minister is visible rhetoric.  -- Hooker

The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.

The likelihood of anything happening is in direct proportion to the amount of
trouble it will cause if it does happen.  -- Sam W. Warren

The limerick is furtive and mean;
You must keep her in close quarantine,
  Or she sneaks to the slums
  and promptly becomes
Disorderly, drunk and obscene.

The lion and the calf shall lie down together, but the calf won't get much
sleep.  -- Woody Allen

The little mind who loves itself, will write and think with the vulgar; but the
great mind will be bravely eccentric, and scorn the beaten road, from
universal benevolence.  -- Oliver Goldsmith

The little sweet doth kill much bitterness.

The local density of mosquitos is inversely proportional to your remaining
repellant.  -- Milt Barber

The long habit of living indisposeth us for dying.  -- Sir Thomas Browne

The longer ahead you plan a special event, and the more special it is, the more
likely it is to go wrong.  -- David and Jane Evelyn

The longer the title, the less important the job.  -- Robert Shrum

The loss of liberty in general would soon follow the suppression of the liberty
of the press; for it is an essential branch of liberty, so perhaps it is the
best preservative of the whole.  -- John Peter Zenger

The love of money is the root of all evil; which while some coveted after they
have erred from the faith, and pierced themselves through with many sorrows.
 -- I Timothy VI, 10

The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.

The main beneficiaries of federal aid are those states that most oppose the
principle.  -- Bob Smith

The main impact of the computer has been the provision of unlimited jobs for
clerks.

The majority of us are for free speech only when it deals with those subjects
concerning which we have no intense convictions.  -- Edmund B. Chafee

The man who builds and wants wherewith to pay
Provides a home from which to run away.  -- Young

The man who has ceased to learn ought not to be allowed to wander around loose
in these dangerous days.  -- M. M. Coady

The man who has not anything to boast of but his illustrious ancestors, is like
a potato--the only thing belonging to him is underground.  -- Sir T. Overbury

The man who insists upon seeing with perfect clearness before he decides,
never decides.  -- Henri-Frederic Amiel

The man who says he is willing to meet you halfway is usually a poor judge of
distance.

The man who sees the consistency in things is a wit, the man who
sees the inconsistency in things is a humorist.  -- G. K. Chesterton

The man who smiles when things go wrong, has thought of someone he can blame
it on.

The man who will live above his present circumstances is in great danger of
living in a little time much beneath them.  -- Addison

The manner of giving, shows the character of the giver, more than the gift
itself.  -- Lavater

The march of the human mind is slow.  -- Edmund Burke

The master's eye makes the horse fat.

The measure of a man's real character is what he would do if he knew he never
would be found out.  -- Thomas Babington Macaulay

The measure of choosing well is whether a man likes what he has chosen.  -- Lamb

The mechanistic world view, taking the play of physical particles as ultimate
reality, found its expression in a civilization which glorifies physical
technology that has led eventually to the catastrophes of our time. Possibly
the model of the world as a great organization can help to reinforce the sense
of reverence for the living which we have almost lost in the last sanguinary
decades of human history.  -- Ludwig von Bertalanffy

The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights.  -- J. Paul Getty

The meek shall inherit the Earth. In three foot by six foot plots.
 -- Lazarus Long

The mere act of hearing or reading wise statements and sound advice does
little for anyone.  In the process of learning, the learner's dynamic
cooperation is required.

The mind of man is vastly like a hive;
His thoughts are busy ever--all alive;
But here the simile will go no further;
For bees are making honey, one and all;
Man's thoughts are busy in producing gall,
Committing, as it were, self-murther.  -- Dr. Wolcott

The mind ought sometimes to be amused, that it may the better return to
thought, and to itself.  -- Phaedrus

The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.  -- Seneca

The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.

The minute you sign a client is the minute you start to lose him.
 -- James M. Blankenship

The misnaming of fields of study is so common as to lead to what might be
general systems laws. For example, Frank Harary once suggested the law that
any field that had the word "science" in its name was guaranteed thereby not
to be a science. He would cite as examples Military Science, Library Science,
Political Science, Homemaking Science, Social Science, and Computer Science.
Discuss the generality of this law, and possible reasons for its predictive
power.   -- Gerald Weinberg, An Introduction to General Systems Thinking.

The mode by which the inevitable comes to pass is effort.
 -- Oliver Wendell Holmes

The modern child will answer you back before you've said anything.
 -- Laurence J. Peter

The moment you forecast, you know you're going to be wrong, you just don't
know when and in which direction.  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

The moment you have worked out an answer, start checking it.  It probably
isn't right.  -- Edmund C. Berkeley

The monarch oak, the patriarch of the trees,
Shoots rising up, and spreads by slow degrees;
Three centuries he grows, and three he stays
Supreme in state; and in three more decays.  -- Dryden

The moral law is written on the tablets of eternity.  For every false word or
unrighteous deed, for cruelty and oppression, for lust or vanity, the price
has to be paid at last.  -- J. A. Froude

The moral world is as little exempt as the physical world from the law of
ceaseless change, of perpetual flux.  -- Sir James Frazer

The more I see of man, the more I like dogs.  -- Mme. de Stael

The more a recruit knew about a given subject, the better chance he had of
receiving an assignment involving some other subject.  -- Dr. R. F. Gumperson

The more campaigning, the better.  -- Larry O'Brien

The more complex the idea or technology, the more simpleminded is the
opposition.

The more enthusiastic, unruly, and large the candidate's crowds in the week
before the election, the less likely he is to carry the area.
 -- Frank Mankiewicz

The more heavily a man is supposed to be taxed, the more power he has to escape
being taxed.  -- Diogenes

The more honesty a man has, the less he affects the air of a saint.  The
affectation of sanctity is a blotch on the face of piety.  -- Lavater

The more intelligent and competent a woman is in her adult life, the less
likely she is to have received an adequate amount of romantic attention in
adolescence.  -- Susan Jacoby

The more qualified candidates who are available, the more likely the
compromise will be on the candidate whose main qualification is a
non-threatening incompetence.  -- Mark B. Cohen

The more right one is, the more careful he should be to express his opinion
tactfully.  The other fellow never likes to be proved wrong.  -- John Luther

The more the change, the more it is the same thing.  -- Alphonse Karr

The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less time you
have to do it in.  Stability is achieved when you spend all your time doing
nothing but reporting on the nothing you are doing.

The more unworkable the urban plan, the greater the probability of
implementation.  -- Robert Wood

The more urgent the need for decision, the less apparent becomes the identity
of the decision-maker.

The more we love, the nearer we are to hate.  -- La Rochefoucauld

The more wit the less courage.  -- Thomas Fuller

The more you speak of yourself, the more you are likely to lie.  -- Zimmerman

The most agreeable of all companions is a simple, frank man, without any high
pretensions to an oppressive greatness; one who loves life, and understands
the use of it; obliging, alike at all hours; above all, of a golden temper,
and steadfast as an anchor.  For such a one we gladly change the great
genius, the most brilliant wit, the profoundest thinker.  -- Lessing

The most alarming of all man's assaults upon the environment is the
contamination of air, earth, rivers, and sea ... this pollution is for the
most part irrecoverable.  -- Rachel Carson

The most certain sign of being born with great qualities is to be born without
envy.  -- La Rochefoucauld

The most common commodity in this country is unrealized potential.
 -- Calvin Coolidge

The most difficult light bulb to replace burns out first and most frequently.
 -- Joe Anderson

The most difficult thing in life is to know yourself.  -- Thales

The most egotistical person we've ever heard of is the one who remarked that
he had only been wrong once in his life and that was when he thought he was
wrong but wasn't.

The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.
 -- Preem Palver, First Speaker

The most trifling actions that affect a man's credit are to be regarded.  The
sound of your hammer at five in the morning, or at nine at night, heard by a
creditor, makes him easy six months longer; but if he sees you at a Billiard
table, or hears your voice at a Tavern, when you should be at work, he sends
for his money the next day.  -- Benjamin Franklin

The most undesirable things are the most certain (e.g., death and taxes).
 -- Martin S. Kottmeyer

The most utterly lost of all days, is that in which you have not once laughed.
 -- Chamfort

The narrower the mind the broader the statement.  -- Ted Cook

The nation had the lion's heart.  I had the luck to give the roar.
 -- Winston Churchill

The natural progress of things is for liberty to yield and government to
gain ground.  -- Thomas Jefferson

The nearer the bone the sweeter the meat.

The net weight of your boots is proportional to the cube of the number of hours
you have been on the trail.  -- Milt Barber

The new electronic independence recreates the world in the image of a global
village.

The next best thing to knowing something is knowing where to find it.
 -- Samuel Johnson

The next class is always three buildings away on a rainy day.  -- M. M. Johnston

The notion of the Trinity of Gods has enfeebled the belief in one God. A
multiplication of beliefs acts as a division of belief; and in proportion as
anything is divided it is weakened.

The notion that the church, the press, and the universities should serve the
state is essentially a Communist notion ... In a free society these
institutions must be wholly free--which is to say that their function is to
serve as checks upon the state.  -- Alan Barth

The number of adjectives and verbs that are added to the description of a menu
item is in inverse proportion to the quality of the resulting dish.
 -- John Calkins

The number of errors in any piece of writing rises in proportion to the
writer's reliance on secondary sources.  -- Harold Faber

The number of errors made is equal to the sum of the "squares" involved.

The number of letters written to the editor is inversely proportional to the
importance of the article.  -- Robert L. Marcus

The number of stones in your boot is directly proportional to the number of
hours you have been on the trail.  -- Milt Barber

The object of education is to prepare the young to educate themselves
throughout their lives.  -- Robert Maynard Hutchins

The odds are 6:5 that if one has late classes, one's roommate will have the
earliest possible classes.

The office space and salaries of college administrators are in inverse
proportion to those of the instructors.  -- M. M. Johnston

The oil can is mightier than the sword.  -- Everett Dirksen

The one real object of education is to have a man in the condition of
continually asking questions.  -- Bishop Mandell Creighton

The only courage that matters is the kind that gets you from one moment to
the next.  -- Mignon McLaughlin

The only difference between a fool and a criminal who attacks a system is that
the fool attacks unpredictably and on a broader front.  -- Tom Gibb

The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance.

The only important result of a meeting is agreement about next steps.
 -- Charles Wolf, Jr.

The only programs a grown-up can possibly stand are those that cater to those
pre-adolescent fantasies that most have never abandoned.  -- Richard Schickel

The only rose without thorns is friendship.

The only sense that is common in the long run, is the sense of change--and
we all instinctively avoid it.  -- E. B. White

The only thing more reliable than Magik is one's friends.
 -- Macbeth, King of Scotland.

The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.

The only thing that hurts more than paying an income tax is not having to pay
an income tax.

The only thing worse than an expert is someone who thinks he's an expert.

The only things that evolve by themselves in an organization are disorder,
friction, and malperformance.

The only unbreakable rule: To thine own self be true, and it follows as the
night the day that you cannot be false to any man.

The only way a reporter should look at a politician is down.
 -- Frank Kent, Baltimore Sun

The only way for a rich man to be healthy is, by exercise and abstinence, to
live as if he were poor.  -- Sir William Temple

The only way to compel men to speak good of us is to do it.  -- Voltaire

The only way to conquer fear is to keep doing the thing you fear to do.

The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them to
the impossible.  -- Arthur C. Clarke

The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it....I can resist
everything but temptation.  -- Oscar Wilde

The only winner in the war of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.  -- Solomon Short

The oppressed are allowed once every few years to decide which particular
representatives of the oppressing class are to represent and repress them.
 -- Karl Marx

The opportunity for graft equals the plethora of legal requirements multiplied
by the number of architects, engineers, and builders.

The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist
knows it.  -- J. Robert Oppenheimer

The organization of any bureaucracy is very much like a septic tank--the really
big chunks always rise to the top.  -- Professor John Imhoff

The organization of any program reflects the organization of the people who
develop it.  -- Bill Gray

The other car collided with mine without giving warning of its intentions.

The other line moves faster.  This applies to all lines--bank, supermarket,
tollbooth, customs, and so on.  And don't try to change lines.  The Other
Line--the one you were in originally--will then move faster.
 -- Barbara Ettorre

The passions and desires, like the two twists of a rope, mutually mix one with
the other, and twine inextricably round the heart; producing good if
moderately indulged; but certain destruction, if suffered to become
inordinate.  -- Burton

The passions are the only orators that always persuade.  -- La Rochefoucauld

The passions, like heavy bodies down steep hills, once in motion, move
themselves, and know no ground but the bottom.  -- Fuller

The paths of glory lead but to the grave.  -- Grey's Elegy

The patient can oftener do without the doctor, than the doctor without the
patient.  -- Zimmerman

The pedestrian had no idea where to go, so I ran over him.

The pedestrian works where I work. She is a standards coordinator. Funny she
should be the one I hit.

The pen is mightier than the sword; and easier to write with.

The people always want to hear when the mighty stag is brought to the ground by
a pack of common dogs.  -- Babbaluche the cobbler

The people most preoccupied with titles and status are usually the least
deserving of them.

The people who are rising in the world take over.  The people who are sinking
are taken over.  -- Sepp von Plum

The perpetual obstacle to human advancement is custom.  -- John Stuart Mill

The person who buys the most raffle tickets has the least chance of winning.
 -- Dr. R. F. Gumperson

The person who considers five or six possible solutions to a problem is more
apt to find the right answer than the person who only considers one or two.

The person whose clothes are extremely fine I am too apt to consider as not
being possessed of any superiority of fortune, but resembling those Indians
who are found to wear all the gold they have in the world in a bob at the
nose.  -- Oliver Goldsmith

The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.

The persons hardest to convince they're at the retirement age are children
at bedtime.  -- Shannon Fife

The philosophers have only interpreted the world; the thing, however, is to
change it.  -- Karl Marx

The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next.
 -- Henry Ward Beecher

The phone will not ring until you leave your desk and walk to the other end
of the building.  -- Linda A. Lawyer

The phrase "we(I)(you) simply MUST ..." designates something that need not be
done. "That goes without saying" is a red warning. "Of course" means you had
best check it yourself. These small-change cliches and others like them, when
read correctly, are reliable channel markers.  -- Lazarus Long

The planets in their distant courses
 Exert a baleful influence.
They stack the cards, they slow down horses--
 My God, their power must be immense!

The plural of spouse is spice.

The power of accurate observation is commonly called cynicism by those who have
not got it.  -- George Bernard Shaw

The price of freedom of religion or of speech or of the press is that we must
put up with, and even pay for, a good deal of rubbish.
 -- Justice Robert Jackson

The primary aim of all government regulation of economic life of the community
should be, not to supplant the system of private economic enterprise, but to
make it work.  -- Carl Becker

The primary purpose of a liberal education is to make one's mind a pleasant
place in which to spend one's leisure.  -- Sydney J. Harris

The primary requisite for any new tax law is for it to exempt enough voters
to win the next election.

The principal mark of genius is not perfection but originality, the opening
of new frontiers.

The privilege of absurdity; to which no living creature is subject but man
only.  -- Thomas Hobbs

The probability of a young man meeting a desirable and receptive young woman
increases by pyramidical progression when he is already in the company of
(1) a date, (2) his wife, (3) a better looking and richer male friend.
 -- Ronald H. Beifeld

The probability of an event's occurring varies directly with the perversity of
the inanimate object involved and inversely with product of its desirability
and the effort expended to produce it.  -- Walter Mule

The problem of civil society is twofold:  how to identify and select wise
rulers, and how to assure that their wisdom will be used for the benefit of
the ruled--or of the common good as distinct from their private good.
 -- Harry V. Jaffa

The problem-solving process will always break down at the point at which it
is possible to determine who caused the problem.

The product of an arithmetical computation is the answer to an equation; it is
not the solution to a problem.  -- G. O. Ashley

The professional quality of the faculty tends to be inversely proportional to
the importance it attaches to space and equipment.  -- Thomas L. Martin

The profoundly wise do not declaim against superficial knowledge in others, as
much as the profoundly ignorant.  -- Colton

The public is not made up of people who get their names in the papers.
 -- Woodrow Wilson

The Puritans hated bearbaiting not because it gave pain to the bear, but
because if gave pleasure to the spectators.  -- Macaulay

The purpose of freedom is to create it for others.  -- Bernard Malamud

The purpose of satire is to strip off the veneer of comforting illusion
and cozy half-truth. And our business, as I see it, is to put it back again.
 -- Michael Flanders

The quality of a department is inversely proportional to the number of courses
it lists in its catalogue.  -- Professor Joel Hildebrand

The quality of legislation passed to deal with a problem is inversely
proportional to the volume of media clamor that brought it on.
 -- G. Ray Funkhouser

The quality of your work will be affected as much by your attitude as by your
skill.

The quantity of rhetoric has been directly proportional to the lack of action.
 -- Arthur Herzog

The question, "Who ought to be boss?" is like asking, "Who ought to be tenor
in the quartet?"  Obviously the man who can sing tenor.  -- Henry Ford

The radical invents the views. When he has worn them out, the conservative
adopts them.  -- Mark Twain

The radical novelty in modern science lies precisely in the rejection of the
belief, which is at the heart of all popular religion, that the forces which
move the stars and atoms are contingent upon the preferences of the human
heart.  -- Walter Lippmann

The rain has such a friendly sound
to one who's six feet underground.  -- Edna St. Vincent Millay

The rate of hospital admissions responds to the bed availability.  Or, if we
insist on installing more beds, they will tend to get filled.
 -- Dr. Milton Roemer

The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that
men will being to think like computers.

The real fight today is against inhuman, relentless exercise of capitalistic
power ... The present struggle in which we are engaged is for social and
industrial justice.  -- Justice Louis D. Brandeis

The reason I know my youth is all spent?  My get up and go got up and went.
 -- Len Ingebrigston

The reason for the rush is the delay and, conversely the reason for the delay
is the rush.

The remaining distance to your chosen campsite remains constant as twilight
approaches.  -- Milt Barber

The reputation of a man is like his shadow:  It sometimes follows and sometimes
precedes him, it is sometimes longer and sometimes shorter than his natural
size.

The reverence of a man's self is, next to religion, the chiefest bridle of all
vices.  -- Lord Bacon

The reward of energy, enterprise, and thrift--is taxes.

The rich get richer, and the poor get poorer.  The haves get more, the
have-nots die.

The rider likes best the horse which needs most breaking in.  -- Edward Garrett

The rights we have today we may consider natural rights, but they were won by
blood, sweat, sacrifice, and death.  -- Dwight D. Eisenhower

The river is moving; the blackbird must be flying.

The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.  -- William Blake

The road to Hell is paved with good intentions.  -- Samuel Johnson
(In which case, the road to Heaven must be paved with bad ones.)

The road to hell is paved with good intentions.  And littered with sloppy
analysis!

The ruling passion, be it what it will,
The ruling passion conquers reason still.  -- Alexander Pope

The scholar without good-breeding is a pedant, the philosopher a cynic, the
soldier a brute, and every man disagreeable.  -- Chesterfield

The scientist is at the moving edge of what's happening.
 -- Dr. Gerald M. Edelman

The seal of truth is on thy gallant form, for none but cowards lie.  -- Murphy

The secret of education is respecting the pupil.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

The secret to winning the support of large groups of people is positive
thinking.  -- Napolean Bonaparte

The seeds of our own punishment are sown at the same time we commit sin.
 -- Hesiod

The seeds of repentance are sown in youth by pleasure, but the harvest is
reaped in age by pain.  -- Colton

The setting of a great hope is like the setting of the sun.  The brightness of
our life is gone, shadows of the evening fall around us, and the world seems
but a dim reflection itself--a broader shadow.  We look forward into the
coming lonely night; the soul withdraws itself.  Then stars arise, and the
night is wholly.  -- Longfellow

The shepherd drives the wolf from the sheep's throat, for which the sheep thanks
the shepherd as his liberator, while the wolf denounces him for the same act as
the destroyer of liberty.  -- Abraham Lincoln

The shortest and surest way of arriving at real knowledge is to unlearn the
lessons we have been taught, to remount first principles, and to take nobody's
word about them.  -- Bolingbroke

The shortest answer is doing the thing.

The shortest measurable interval of time is the time between the moment I put
a little extra aside for a sudden emergency and the arrival of that emergency.

The simple but difficult arts of paying attention, copying accurately,
following an argument, detecting an ambiguity or a false inference, testing
guesses by summoning up contrary instances, organizing one's time and one's
thought for study--all these arts ... cannot be taught in the air but only
through the difficulties of a defined subject;  they cannot be taught in one
course on one year, but must be acquired gradually in dozens of connections.
 -- Jacques Barzun

The simple realization that there are other points of view is the beginning
of wisdom.  Understanding what they are is a great step.  The final test is
understanding why they are held.  -- Charles M. Campbell

The sixth sick sheik's sixth sheep's sick.

The size of each of the stones in your boot is directly proportional to the
number of hours you have been on the trail.  -- Milt Barber

The social problems raised by science must be faced and solved by the
humanities.  -- Harold Dodd

The society which scorns excellence in plumbing because plumbing is a humble
activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because philosophy is an
exalted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy.
Neither its pipes nor its theories will hold water.  -- John W. Gardner

The solution to a problem changes the problem.  -- John Peers

The soul of this man is in his clothes.  -- Shakespeare

The sound of laughter has always seemed to me the most civilized music in the
universe.  -- Peter Ustinov

The spaceship with its human cargo
 Speeds from star to blazing star.
The captain, humming Handel's Largo,
 Wonders where the hell they are.

The specialist learns more and more about less and less until, finally, he
knows everything about nothing; whereas the generalist learns less and less
about more and more until, finally, he knows nothing about everything.

The speed at which the legislative process seems to work is in inverse
proportion to your enthusiasm for the bill.  If you want a bill to move
quickly, committee hearings, the rules committee, and legislative procedures
appear to be roadblocks to democracy.  If you do not want the bill to pass,
such procedures are essential to furthering representative government, etc.,
etc.  -- Pierre S. du Pont

The speed of exit of a civil servant is directly proportional to the quality
of his service.  -- Ralph Nader

The spirit of liberty is the spirit which is not too sure it is always right.
 -- Judge Learned Hand

The spirit of public service will rise, and the bureaucracy will multiply
itself much faster, in time of grave national concern.  -- Taylor Branch

The splendor of an editor's speech and the splendor of his newspaper are
inversely related to the distance between the city in which he makes his
speech and the city in which he publishes his paper.  -- Ben Bragdikian

The squeaky hinge gets the oil.  -- Gene Franklin

The squeaky wheel gets the grease, but the yapping dog gets kicked.

The star of riches is shining upon you.

The stature of a science is commonly measured by the degree to which it makes
use of mathematics.  -- S. S. Stevens

The sterile radical is basically ... conservative. He is afraid to let go
of the ideas and beliefs he picked up in his youth lest his life be seen as
empty and wasted.  -- Eric Hoffer

The story of man is the history, first, of the acceptance and imposition of
restraints necessary to permit communal life; and second, of the emancipation
of the individual within that system of necessary restraints.
 -- Justice Abe Fortas

The structure of the joke is ... the juxtaposition of the trivial and the
mundane ... We have to reconcile the paradox of it all.  The joke mirrors the
paradox.  -- Woody Allen

The success of any venture will be helped by prayer, even in the wrong
denomination.  -- Charles P. Boyle

The sufficiency of my merit is to know that my merit is not sufficient.
 -- Augustine

The summer day has clos'd--the sun is set;
Well have they done their office, those bright hours,
The latest of whose train goes swiftly out
In the red west.  -- Bryant

The sumptuousness of a company's annual report is in inverse proportion to its
profitability that year.  -- Irving Hale

The sun goes down just when you need it the most.  -- Jon Kirkup

The sun, the moon and the stars would have disappeared long ago, had they
happened to be within reach of predatory human hands.  -- Havelock Ellis

The superior man rises by lifting others.  -- Robert Ingersoll

The surest protection against temptation is cowardice.  -- Mark Twain

The surest way to encourage violence is to give in to it.

The sweetest joy, the wildest woe is love;
The taint of earth, the odor of the skies is in it.  -- Bailey

The system is a sacred tin god: never break it or dent it when you can get
what you want by bending it.

The tartness of his face sours ripe grapes.  -- Shakespeare

The tasks to do immediately are the minor ones; otherwise you'll forget them.
The major ones are often better to defer.  They usually need more time for
reflection.  Besides, if you forget them, they'll remind you.
 -- Charles Wolf, Jr.

The tears of penitents are the wine of angels.  -- St. Bernard

The telephone pole was approaching fast, I was attempting to swerve out of
it's path when it struck my front end.

The temple of our purest thoughts is--silence!  -- Mrs. Hale

The tendencies of democracies are, in all things, to mediocrity, since the
tastes, knowledge and principles of the majority form the tribunal of appeal.
 -- James Fenimore Cooper

The tendency to claim God as an ally for our partisan values and ends is ...
the source of all religious fanaticism.

The territory behind rhetoric is too often mined with equivocation.

The theory of the Communists may be summed up in the single sentence:
Abolition of private property.  -- The Communist Manifesto

The thing in the world I am most of afraid of is fear, and with good reason,
that passion alone in the trouble of it exceeding other accidents.
 -- Montaigne

The things in this file don't have to be in bad taste, they just have to
leave a bad taste.  -- Dick Munroe

The things which belong to others please us more, and that which is ours is
more pleasing to others.  -- Syrus

The thought of 2000 people munching celery at the same time horrifies me.
 -- George Bernard Shaw

The three indispensibles of genius are understanding, feeling, and
perseverance.  The three things that enrich genius, are contentment of mind,
the cherishing of good thoughts, and exercising the memory.  -- Southey

The tide comes in and the tide goes out, and what have you got?

The time involved in work to time available for work is usually about 0.6.

The time is right to make new friends.

The time of departure will be delayed by the square of the number of people
involved.  Simply stated, if I wish to leave the city at 5 PM, I will most
likely depart at 5:01.  If I am to meet a friend, the time of departure
becomes 5:04.  If we were to meet another couple, we won't be on our way
before 5:16, and so on.  -- Paul D. Plotnick

The tire is only flat on the bottom.  -- John L. Shelton

The titles of bills--like those of Marx Brothers movies--often have little to
do with the substance of the legislation.  Particularly deceptive are bills
containing title buzz words such as emergency, reform, service, relief, or
special.  Often the emergency is of the writer's imagination; the reform, a
protection of a vested interest; the service, self-serving; the relief, an
additional burden on the taxpayer; and the special, something that otherwise
shouldn't be passed.  -- Pierre S. du Pont

The tongue is the ambassador of the heart.  -- Lyly

The total amount of evil in any system remains constant.  Hence, any diminution
in one direction--for instance a reduction in poverty or unemployment--is
accompanied by an increase in another, e.g.,crime or air pollution.
 -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

The toughest decision a purchasing agent faces is when he is about to buy
the machine designed to replace him.

The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of
patriots and tyrants.  It is its natural manure.  -- Thomas Jefferson

The trouble with being a breadwinner nowadays is that the Government is in for
such a big slice.

The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
 -- Franklin P. Jones

The trouble with resisting temptation is that you may not get another chance.

The trouble with some self-made men is that they worship their creator.

The trouble with the average family budget is that at the end of the money
there's too much month left.

The trouble with the average family today is that it's hard to support it and
the government on one income.

The true danger is when liberty is nibbled away, for expedients, and by parts.
 -- Edmund Burke

The true function of art is to edit nature and so to make it coherent and
lovely.  The artist is a sort of impassioned proofreader, blue-penciling
the bad spelling of God.

The true, strong and sound mind is the mind that can embrace equally great
things and small.  -- Samuel Johnson

The truly American sentiment recognizes the dignity of labour and the fact
that honor lies in honest toil.  -- Grover Cleveland

The truly brave are soft of heart and eyes,
And feel for what their duty bids them do.  -- Byron

The truly generous is the truly wise;
And he loves not others, lives unblest.  -- Horace

The truly valiant dare everything but doing anybody an injury.
 -- Sir Philiy Sidney

The truth is more important than the facts.  -- Frank Lloyd Wright

The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.
And vice versa.

The truth that is suppressed by friends is the readiest weapon of the enemy.
 -- Robert Louis Stevenson

The turnpike road to people's hearts I find
Lies through their mouths, or I mistake mankind.  -- Dr. Wolcot

The two most engaging powers of an author are to make new things familiar, and
familiar things new.  -- Johnson

The unfortunate thing about this world is that good habits are so much easier
to give up than bad ones.  -- Somerset Maugham

The universe is but one vast Symbol of God.  -- Thomas Carlyle

The universe is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to
grow sharper.  -- Eden Phillpots

The universe is intractably squiggly.  -- Charles Suhor

The universe is laughing behind your back.

The universe is not only stranger than we imagine, it is stranger than we can
imagine.  -- J. B. S. Haldane

The universe is one of God's thoughts.  -- Friedrich Schiller

The usefulness of any meeting is inversely proportional to the attendance.
 -- Lane Kirkland

The user will forget mathematics in proportion to the complexity of the
calculator.  -- John L. Shelton

The vain beauty cares most for the conquest which employed the whole artillery
of her charms.  -- Edward Garrett

The value of a program is proportional to its output.

The value of money has an objective regulator only when it is linked to a real
commodity, like gold, itself requiring the cost of human labor to be produced.
By comparison, the value of inconvertible paper money has no objective
regulator, its marginal cost of production being nearly zero.
 -- Lewis E. Lehrman

The vanity of human life is like a river, constantly passing away, and yet
constantly coming on.  -- Alexander Pope

The various opinions of philosophers have scattered through the world as many
plagues of the mind as Pandora's box did those of the body, only with this
difference, that they have not left hope at the bottom.  -- Jonathan Swift

The vehicle in front of you is traveling slower than you are.

The veil which covers the face of futurity is woven by the hand of mercy.
 -- Bulwer

The venom clamors of a jealous woman poison more deadly than a mad dog's tooth.
 -- Shakespeare

The very technology that makes our living simpler makes society more complex.
The more efficient we get, the more specialized we become and the more
dependent.  -- Thomas Griffith

The vile are only vain; the great are proud.  -- Byron

The wailing of the newborn infant is mingled with the dirge for the dead.
 -- Lucretius

The way to a man's heart is below his stomach.  -- Ron Randall

The way to a man's heart is through his stomach.

The way to avoid the imputation of impudence is not to be ashamed of what we
do, but never to do what we ought to be ashamed of.  -- Tully

The way to conquer men is by their passions;
Catch but the ruling foibles of their hearts,
And all their boasted virtues shrink before you.  -- Tolson

The way to wealth is as plain as the way to market.  It depends chiefly on two
words, industry and frugality; that is, waste neither time nor money, but make
the best use of both.  Without industry and frugality nothing will do, and
with them everything.  -- Benjamin Franklin

The weak have to be decent, while the strong can choose to be decent.
 -- Sepp von Plum

The weather for catching fish is that weather, and no other, in which fish
are caught.  -- W. H. Blake

The weather's turning very funny--
 Hailstones crashing from the sky,
Snow and sleet ...  It's even money
 Whether we'll survive July!

The weather-cock on the church spire, though made of iron, would soon be broken
by the storm wind if it ... did not understand the noble art of turning to
every wind.  -- Heinrich Heine

The weed of crime bears bitter fruit.  Crime does not pay. The Shadow knows!

The weight of your pack increases in direct proportion to the amount of
food you consume from it.  If you run out of food, the pack weight goes on
increasing anyway.  -- Milt Barber

The well-tended front lawn is the modern moat that keeps the barbarians--
other people--at bay.

The wheel of fortune turns incessantly round, and who can say within himself, I
shall today be uppermost.  -- Confucius

The wheels of nature are not made to roll backward; everything presses on
toward Eternity;  from the birth of Time an impetuous current has set in,
which bears all the sons of men toward that interminable ocean.  Meanwhile
Heaven is attracting to itself whatever is congenial to its nature, is
enriching itself by the spoils of earth, and collecting within its capacious
bosom, whatever is pure, permanent and divine.  -- Robert Hall

The which is won ill, will never wear well, for there is a curse attends it,
which will waste it; and the same corrupt dispositions which incline men to
the sinful ways of getting, will incline them to the like sinful ways of
spending.  -- Matthew Henry

The whole drift of my education goes to persuade me that the world of our
present consciousness is only one out of many worlds of consciousness that
exist.  -- William James

The whole thing about matrimony is this:  We fall in love with a personality,
but we must live with a character.  -- Peter DeVries

The will to win is important, but it isn't worth a damn unless you also have
the will to prepare.

The willow which bends to the tempest, often escapes better than the oak which
resists it; and so in great calamities, it sometimes happens that light and
frivolous spirits recover their elasticity and presence of mind sooner than
those of a loftier character.  -- Sir Walter Scott

The wind and the waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
 -- Edward Gibbon

The wise prince must foment some emnity so that by suppressing it he will
augment his greatness.  -- Italo Bombolini

The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.

The wisest man is generally he who thinks himself the least so.  -- Boileau

The wonders of the ages assembled for your edification, education, and
enjoyment--for a price.  -- P. T. Barnum

The word GOOD has many meanings. For example, if a man were to shoot his
grandmother at a range of five hundred yards, I should call him a good
shot, but not necessarily a good man.

The work of an unknown good man is like a vein of water flowing hidden in
the underground, secretly making the ground greener.  -- Thomas Carlyle

The world is all the richer for having the devil in it, so long as we keep our
foot on his neck.

The world is before you, and you need not take it or leave it as it was before
you came in.  -- James Baldwin

The world is more complicated than most of our theories make it out to be.
 -- Edmund C. Berkeley

The world may be divided into people that read, people that write, people that
think, and fox hunters.  -- Shenstone

The worst form of inequality is to try to make unequal things equal.
 -- Aristotle

The worst men often give the best advice.  -- Bailey

The yoo-hoo you yoo-hoo into the forest is the yoo-hoo you get back.
 -- Merle Miller

The younger, the better.

The youth of today and of those to come after them would assess the work of the
revolution in accordance with values of their own ... a thousand years from
now, all of them, even Marx, Engels, and Lenin, would possibly appear rather
ridiculous.  -- Mao Tse-tung

The zoo is not an exhibition
 I view with much enjoyment, when
I notice beasts in a position
 To learn the weaknesses of men.  -- John Brunner

Them what has--gets.  -- Dexter B. Wakefield

They condemn what they do not understand.  -- Cicero

Then happy low, lie down!  Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.
 -- Shakespeare

There ain't any news in being good. You might write the doings of all the
convents of the world on the back of a postage stamp, and have room to spare.

TANSTAAFL -- There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.  -- Robert Heinlein

There are 32 points to the compass, meaning that there are 32 directions in
which a spoon can squirt grapefruit; yet, the juice almost invariably flies
straight into the human eye.  -- Louis Sattler

There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking
at its root.  -- Henry David Thoreau

There are as many Communists in the freedom movement as there are Eskimos in
Florida.  -- Martin Luther King, Jr.

There are but three classes of men:  the retrograde, the stationary and the
progressive.  -- Lavater

There are coexisting elements in frustrating phenomena which separate expected
results from achieved results.

There are few people more often in the wrong than those who cannot endure to
be thought so.

There are foure great cyphers in the world;  hee that is lame among dancers,
dumbe among lawyers, dull among scholars, and rude amongst courtiers.
 -- Bishop Earle

There are in business three things necessary--knowledge, temper and time.
 -- Feltham

There are lots of good people who, when they get to heaven, will watch to see
if the Lord goes out nights.  -- Ed Howe

There are many inside dopes in politics and government.  -- Mark B. Cohen

There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal friend.

There are many shining qualities in the mind of man, but there is none so
useful as discretion; it is this, indeed, that gives a value to all the rest,
which sets them to work in their proper times and places, and turns them to
the advantage of the person who is possessed of them.  Without it, learning is
pedantry, and wit impertinence; virtue itself looks like weakness; the best
parts only qualify a man to be more sprightly in errors, and active to his own
principle.  -- Addison

There are many truths of which the full meaning cannot be realized until
personal experience has brought it home.

There are more horses' backsides in the military service of the United States
than there are horses.  -- Robert J. Clark

There are more old drunkards than old doctors.

There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your
philosophy.  -- Hamlet (Act 1, Scene 5, Line 166)

There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.

There are no eternal facts as there are no absolute truths.
 -- Friedrich Nietzsche

There are no strangers here--only friends we have not met.

There are no winners in life, only survivors.

There are none more abusive to others than they that lie most open to it
themselves; but the humor goes round, and he that laughs at me today will have
somebody to laugh at him tomorrow.  -- Seneca

There are not enough storage registers to solve the problem.  -- John L. Shelton

There are scores of thousands of sects who are ready at a moment's notice to
reveal the will of God on every possible subject.

There are souls which fall from heaven like flowers, but ere they bloom are
crushed under the foul tread of some brutal hoof.  -- Richter

There are things on heaven and earth, Horatio, Man was not meant to know.
 -- Hamlet

There are those that are born to be on top and those that are born to be on
bottom.  Like officers and soldiers.  -- Sergeant Traub

There are three faithful friends--old Bert, old Ham, and Ronald Reagan.
 -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

There are three kinds of friends: best friends, guest friends, and pest friends.

There are three parts in truth:  first, the inquiry, which is the wooing of it;
secondly, the knowledge of it, which is the presence of it; and thirdly, the
belief, which is the enjoyment of it.  -- Bacon

There are three sides to every story--yours, mine, and all that lie between.
 -- Jody Kern

There are three things I always forget.  Names, faces--the third I can't
remember.  -- Italo Svevo

There are three ways to get something done:  do it yourself, hire someone,
or forbid your kids to do it.  -- Monta Crane

There are two distinct sorts of what we call bashfulness; this, the awkwardness
of a booby, which a few steps into the world will convert into the pertness
of a cox comb; that, a consciousness, which the most delicate feelings
produce, and the most extensive knowledge cannot always remove.  -- Mackenzie

There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those
who did but never thought.

There are two kinds of fools.  One says, "This is old, therefore it is
superior."  The other says, "This is new, therefore it is better."

There are two sides to every argument, unless a person is personally involved,
in which case there is only one.

There are two ways we can meet a difficulty:  either we can alter the
difficulty or we can alter ourselves to meet it.

There are very few original thinkers in the world;  the greatest part of those
who are called philosophers have adopted the opinions of some who went before
them.  -- Dugald Stewert

There comes a time when one must stop suggesting and evaluating new solutions,
and get on with the job of analyzing and implementing one pretty good
solution.  -- Robert Machol

There exist limitless opportunities in every industry.  Where there is an open
mind, there will always be a frontier.  -- Charles F. Kettering

There has been a long history of optimizing the wrong things, using elaborate
mechanisms to produce beautiful code in cases that hardly ever arise in
practice, while doing nothing about frequently occurring situations.
 -- Donald Knuth

There is a four-word formula for success that applies equally well to
organizations or individuals--make yourself more useful.

There is a kind of greatness which does not depend upon fortune; it is a
certain manner that distinguishes us, and which seems to destine us for
great things; it is the value we insensibly set upon ourselves; it is by
this quality, that we gain the deference of other men, and it is this which
commonly raises us more above them, than birth, rank, or even merit itself.
 -- La Rochefoucauld

There is a limit at which forbearance ceases to be a virtue.  -- Burke

There is a place for a decisive gamble where you know your enemy and can
calculate the risks at least roughly; but to move at all against an unknown
enemy is boldness in itself.  -- Bel Riose

There is a pleasure in being mad,
Which none but madmen know.  -- Dryden

There is a solution to every problem; the only difficulty is finding it.

There is a statistical correlation between the number of initials in an
Englishman's name and his social class (the upper class having significantly
more than three names, while members of the lower class average 2.6).

There is a tendency for the person in the most powerful position in an
organization to spend all his time serving on committees and signing letters.

There is a tide in the affairs of men,
Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune;
Omitted, all the voyage of their life
Is bound in shallows and in miseries:
On such a full sea are we now afloat,
And we must take the current when it serves,
Or lose our ventures.  -- Shakespeare

There is a vast difference between putting your nose in other people's business
and putting your heart in other people's problems.

There is a wide difference between general acquaintance and companionship.  You
may salute a man and exchange compliments with him daily, yet know nothing of
his character, his inmost tastes and feelings.  -- William Matthews

There is always someone worse off than yourself.

There is an inverse relationship between the uniqueness of an observation and
the number of investigators who report it simultaneously.  -- A. B. Pardee

There is just one thing I can promise you about the outer-space program: Your
tax dollar will go farther.

There is much pleasure to be gained in useless knowledge.  -- Bertrand Russell

There is no being eloquent for atheism.  In that exhausted receiver, the mind
cannot use its wings--the clearest proof that it is out of its element.
 -- Hare

There is no conclusive evidence of life after death. But there is no evidence
of any sort against it. Soon enough you will know. So why fret about it?
 -- Lazarus Long

There is no conflict between liberty and safety.  We will have both or neither.
 -- Ramsey Clark

There is no courage, but in innocence,
No constancy, but in an honest cause.  -- Southern

There is no difference between man and man, as there is between man and beast
or between man and God, that makes one by nature the ruler of another.  This
does not mean that there are not wide differences among men, or that it is not
often to the advantage of some to be ruled by others.  -- Harry V. Jaffa

There is no failure except in no longer trying.  -- Elbert Hubbard

There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.

There is no free lunch.  -- Barry Commoner

There is no freedom without the power to defend it.

There is no grace in a benefit that sticks to the fingers.  -- Seneca

There is no great genius free from some tincture of madness.  -- Seneca

There is no hope--the future will but turn the old sand in the falling glass of
time.  -- R. H. Stoddard

There is no market for gloom.  You cannot sell it.  What the world wants,
needs, and will buy is cheer.  

There is no more miserable human being than one in whom nothing is habitual
but indecision.  -- William James

There is no pardon FOR Murphy's Law, there is no pardon FROM Murphy's Law.

There is no possible line of conduct which has not at some time and place been
condemned, and which at some other time and place been enjoined as a duty.
 -- William Lecky

There is no proposition, no matter how foolish, for which a dozen Nobel
signatures cannot be collected.  Furthermore, any such petition is guaranteed
page-one treatment in The New York Times.  -- Daniel S. Greenberg

There is no safety in numbers, or in anything else.  -- James Thurber

There is no substitute for thorough going, ardent, and sincere earnestness.
 -- Dickens

There is no such thing as "social gambling." Either you are there to cut the
other bloke's heart out and eat it--or you're a sucker. If you don't like
this choice--don't gamble.  -- Lazarus Long

There is no such thing as a "dirty capitalist", only a capitalist.  -- Bill Gray

There is no such thing as a short beer.  (As in, "I'm going to stop off at
Joe's for a short beer before I meet you.")  -- Virginia W. Smith

There is no such thing as an absolute truth--that is absolutely true.
 -- Solomon Short

There is none made so great, but he may both need the help and service, and
stand in fear of the power and unkindness, even of the meanest of mortals.
 -- Seneca

There is not a fiercer hell than failure in a great object.  -- Keats

There is not a man in the country that can't make a living for himself and his
family.  But he can't make a living for them AND the government, too, the way
his government is living.  What the government has got to do is live as cheap
as the people.  -- Will Rogers

There is not any memory with less satisfaction than the memory of some
temptation we resisted.  -- James Branch Cabell

There is not in nature a thing that makes a man so deform'd, so beastly, as
doth intemperate anger.  -- Webster's Duchess of Malp.

There is not so agonizing a feeling in the whole catalogue of human suffering,
as the first conviction that the heart of the being whom we most tenderly love
is estranged from us.  -- Bulwer

There is nothing as cheap and weak in debate as assertion that is not backed by
facts.

There is nothing like a good painstaking survey full of decimal points and
guarded generalizations to put a glaze like a Sung vase on your eyeball.
 -- S. J. Perelman

There is nothing more destructive of physical and mental health than the
isolation of you from me, of us from them.

There is nothing more difficult to carry out and more doubtful of success than
to initiate a new order of things.  For the reformer has enemies in all who
prosper by the old order.  -- Italo Bombolini

There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come.  -- Victor Hugo

There is nothing permanent except change.  -- Heraclitus

There is nothing so absurd or ridiculous that has not at some time been said by
some philosopher.  -- Oliver Goldsmith

There is nothing so simple that it cannot be made difficult.  -- Merle P. Martin

There is nothing so unbecoming on the beach as a wet kilt.  -- Bill Gray

There is one art of which man should be master--the art of reflection.
 -- Coleridge

There is one around here somewhere.  -- John Croll

There is one inflexible rule of television.  No show is too bad to be run
during the summer.

There is only one thing worse than dreaming you are at a conference and waking
up to find that you are at a conference: and that is the conference where you
can't fall asleep.

There is only one way to console a widow. But remember the risk!
 -- Lazerus Long

There is so much good in the worst of us, and so much bad in the best of
us, that is behooves all of us not to talk about the rest of us.
 -- Robert Louis Stevenson

There is something that is much more scarce, something finer far, something
rarer than ability.  It is the ability to recognize ability.  -- Elbert Hubbard

There is this difference between happiness and wisdom; he that thinks himself
the happiest man really is so; but he that thinks himself the wisest, is
generally the greatest fool.  -- Colton

There must be an ideal world, a sort of mathematician's paradise where
everything happens as it does in textbooks.  -- Bertrand Russell

There must be underinvestment in bulls ... just look at the rate of return.
 -- Edgar R. Fiedler

There never was a devil who didn't advise people to keep out of Hell.

There never was any remarkable lawgiver amongst any people who did not resort
to divine authority.

There once was a priest of Gibraltar
Who write dirty jokes in his psalter
  An inhibited nun
  Who had read every one
Made a vow to be laid on his altar.

There shall be no such thing as a lost ball.  The missing ball is on or near
the course somewhere and eventually will be found and pocketed by someone
else.  It thus becomes a stolen ball, and the player should not compound the
felony by charging himself with a penalty stroke.  -- Donald A. Metz

There sometimes wants only a stroke of fortune to discover numberless latent
good or bad qualities, which would otherwise have been eternally concealed: as
words written with a certain liquor appear only when applied to the fire.
 -- Greville

There was a general whisper, toss, and wriggle,
But etiquette forbade them all to giggle.  -- Byron

There was a sick man of Tobago
Liv'd long on rice-gruel and sago;
  But at last, to his bliss,
  The physician said this--
"To a roast leg of mutton you may go."

There was a young lady named Myrtle
Who had an affair with a turtle.
  She birthed crabs, so they say,
  In a year and a day,
Which proves that the turtle was fertile.

There was a young monk from Siberia
Whose morals were very inferior.
  He did to a nun
  What he shouldn't have done
And now she's a Mother Superior.

There was a young monk of Kilkyre,
Was smitten with carnal desire.
  The immediate cause
  Was the abbess' drawers,
Which were hung up to dry by the fire.

There was a young peasant named Gorse
Who fell madly in love with his horse.
  Said his wife, "You rapscallion,
  That horse is a stallion--
This constitutes grounds for divorce."

There was no surer means of overturning the existing basis of society than to
debauch the currency ... Inflation engages all the hidden forces of economic
law on the side of destruction, and it does it in a manner which not one man
in a million is able to diagnose.  -- John Maynard Keynes

There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.

There's a divinity that shapes our ends, rough hew them how we will.
 -- Shakespeare

There's a mighty big difference between good, sound reasons and reasons that
sound good.  -- Burton Hillis

There's a small choice in rotten apples.  -- Shakespeare

There's at least one fool in every married couple.

There's never time to do it right but always time to do it over.
 -- John K. Meskimen

There's no limit to what can be accomplished if it doesn't matter who gets the
credit.

There's no merit in discipline under ideal circumstances.  I'll have it in the
face of death, or it's useless.  -- Hobar Mallow

There's no more mercy in him than there is milk in a male tiger.  -- Shakespeare

There's no such thing as a dangerous weapon, only dangerous men.

There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole
government working for you.  -- Will Rodgers

There's not one wise man among twenty will praise himself.  -- Shakespeare

There's not so much danger in a known foe and a suspected friend.  -- Nabb

There's nothing good or bad, but thinking makes it so.  -- Shakespeare

There's nothing wrong with using four-letter words in explaining the facts
of life to children--words like love, kiss, help, care, give, ...
 -- Sam Levenson

There's one thing more painful than learning from experience, and that is not
learning from experience.

There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.

There's something else I dislike just as much as creeping socialism, and
that's galloping reaction.  -- Adlai Stevenson

There's something wrong if you're always right.  -- Arnold Glasow

There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.  -- Avery

There's times peoples just be tired of peoples.

Thermal paper will run out before the calculation is complete.
 -- John L. Shelton

These are the effects of doting age: vain doubts, and idle cares, and over
caution.  -- John Dryden

They are able because they think they are able.  -- Virgil

They begin with making falsehood appear like truth, and end with making truth
itself appear like falsehood.  -- Shensione

They pass best over the world who trip over it quickly; for it is but a bog--
if we stop we sink.  -- Queen Elizabeth

They say an elephant never forgets, but what's he got to remember?

They say you don't really know a person until you've camped out with him.
Car-pooling serves the same purpose.

They that govern most make the least noise.  You see, when they row in a barge,
they do that drudgery work, slash and puff, and sweat, but he that governs
sits quietly at the stern, and is scarce seen to stir.  -- Selden

They that know no evil will suspect none.  -- Ben Johnson

They who provide much wealth for their children, but neglect to improve them in
virtue, do like those who feed their horses high, but never train them to the
manage.  -- Socrates

Things are not always as they seem.  -- Mandrake the Magician

Things do change. The only question is that since things are deteriorating so
quickly, will society and man's habits change quickly enough?  -- Isaac Asimov

Things move so fast today that we sometimes get the feeling our solutions may
be obsolete before we can get them worked out.

Things sweet to the taste, prove in digestion sour.  -- Shakespeare

Things will get worse before they get better.  -- John Ehrman

Think like a man of action and act like a man of thought.  -- Henri Bergson

Think of what others ought to be like, then start being like that yourself.

Think that day lost whose low descending sun
Views from thy hand no noble action done.  -- Jacob Bobart

Think twice before saying nothing.

Think twice before speaking. But don't say "think think click click".

Thirty seconds on the evening news is worth a front page headline in every
newspaper in the world.  -- Edwin Guthman

This above all: to thine own self be true; and it must follow, as the night the
day thou cans't not then be false to any man.  -- Shakespeare

This famine has a sharp and meagre face;
'Tis death in an undress of skin and bone,
Where age and youth, their landmark ta'en away,
Look all one common sorrow.  -- Dryden

This fellow is wise enough to play the fool; and, to do that well, craves a
kind of wit.  -- Shakespeare

This file will self-destruct in five minutes.

This is another fine myth you've gotten me into!!!  -- Lor L. and Har D.

This is my death ... and it will profit me to understand it.  -- Anne Sexton

This is nothing but a consistently pathological display of inconsistent
consistencies.

This is the LAST time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!

This is the curse of every evil deed
That, propagating still, it brings forth evil.  -- Southey

This job is marginally better than daytime TV.  -- Jim Pastore

This lane ends in 500 feet.

This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with great
force.  -- Dorothy Parker

This rental car is so small, I can't see the gas gauge...

This sad little lizard told me that he was a brontosaurus on his mother's side.
I did not laugh; people who boast of ancestry often have little else to
sustain them. Humoring them costs nothing and adds to happiness in a world in
which happiness is always in short supply.  -- Lazarus Long

This, too shall pass.

Those gifts are ever the most acceptable which the giver has made precious.
 -- Ovid

Those men who are commended by everybody, must be very extraordinary men; or,
which is more probable, very inconsiderable men.  -- Greville

Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.

Those only are despicable who fear to be despised.  -- La Rochefoucauld

Those that are good manners at the court are as ridiculed in the country, as
the behavior of the country is most mockable at the court.  -- Shakespeare

Those who are prospering do not argue about taxes.

Those who bestow too much application of trifling things, become generally
incapable of great ones.  -- La Rochefoucauld

Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others cannot keep it from themselves.
 -- Sir James Barrie

Those who can--do.  Those who cannot--teach.  Those who cannot teach become
deans.  -- Thomas L. Martin

Those who cannot miss an opportunity of saying a good thing are not
to be trusted with the management of any great question.  -- William Hazlitt

Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.

Those who deny freedom to others deserve it not for themselves.
 -- Abraham Lincoln

Those who don't study the past will repeat its errors.  Those who do will find
other ways to err!  -- Charles Wolf, Jr.

Those who expect the biggest tips provide the worst service.
 -- Rozanne Weissman

Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom must, like men, undergo the
fatigue of supporting it.  -- Thomas Paine

Those who express random thoughts to legislative committees are often
surprised and appalled to find themselves the instigators of law.
 -- Mark B. Cohen

Those who have the shortest distance to travel to a meeting will invariably
arrive the latest.

Those who in quarrels interpose,
Must often wipe a bloody nose.  -- Gay

Those who invented the law of supply and demand have no right to complain when
this law works against their interest.  -- Anwar Sadat

Those who order sleeping drafts won't take them.  -- Robert A. Heinlein

Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are men who
want rain without thunder and lightening.  -- Frederick Douglass

Those who quit their proper character to assume what does not belong to them,
are for the greater part ignorant of both the character they leave and of the
character they assume.  -- Edmund Burke

Those who suppress freedom always do so in the name of law and order.
 -- John Lindsay

Those who welcome death have only tried it from the ears up.  -- Wilson Mizner

Those whose approval you seek the most give you the least.  -- Rozanne Weissman

Those with the best advice offer no advice.

Thou shalt remember the Eleventh Commandment and keep it Wholly.

Thou wilt quarrel with a man that hath a hair more or a hair less in his beard
than thou hast.  Thou wilt quarrel with a man for cracking nuts, having no
other reason but because thou hast hazel eyes; what eye but such an eye, would
spy out such a quarrel?  Thy head is full of quarrels, as an egg is full of
meat.  -- Shakespeare

Though I have said above that all men by nature are equal, I cannot be supposed
to understand all sorts of equality.  Age or virtue may give man a just
precedency.  Excellency of parts and merit may place others above the common
level ... And yet all this consists with the equality which all men are in,
in respect of jurisdiction or dominion, one over another.  -- John Locke

Though many hands make light work, too many cooks spoil the broth.

Though reading and conversation may furnish us with many ideas of men and
things, yet it is our own meditation must form our judgment.  -- Dr. I. Watts

Though thou shouldst bray a fool in a mortar among wheat with a pestle, yet
will not his foolishness depart from him.  -- Proverbs XXVII, 22

Thought and theory must precede all salutary action; yet action is nobler in
itself than either thought or theory.  -- William Wordsworth

Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.
 -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

Thought is the seed of action.  -- Emerson

Thoughts are but dreams 'til their effects be tried.  -- Shakespeare

Threats to security will be found.  -- Robert N. Kharasch

Three Laws of Politics:
1.  Get elected.
2.  Get reelected.
3.  Don't get mad, get even.  -- Everett Dirksen

Three things only do slaves require, food, work, and their gods, and of the
three their gods must never be touched--else they grow restless.
 -- Precepts for Ruling

Through zeal, knowledge is gotten, through lack of zeal, knowledge is lost;
let a man who knows the double path of gain and loss thus place himself that
knowledge may grow.  -- Buddha

Thunder is good, thunder is impressive; but it is lightening that does the
work.  -- Mark Twain

Tilting at windmills hurts you more than the windmills.

Time is a fiction, perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.

Time is a versatile performer.  It flies, marches on, heals all wounds, runs
out and will tell.  -- Franklin P. Jones

Time is the chrysalis of eternity.  -- Richter

Time is the old Justice, that examines all offenders.  -- Shakespeare

Time paradoxes are disgusting!
 Never mind what care you take--
You always find you got there just in
 Time to cause your grandad's wake.

Time's gradual touch has moulder'd into beauty many a tower which when it
frown'd with all its battlements, was only terrible.  -- Mason

Timely advis'd, the coming evil shun!  -- Prior

To a Europe exhausted by nearly two centuries of religious wars, [Isaac]
Newton's works were first and foremost a message about God;  that He did not
behave in a capricious or arbitrary fashion, in response to either His will or
human prayer, but in accordance with absolute, unwavering, and humanly
discoverable laws of nature which governed him and all his works.  He had
become the infinitely perfect Clock-Maker, his works fathomable by the human
mind.  -- Forrest MacDonald

To abuse wine is to abuse life itself.

To achieve our ultimate goals is not happiness; it is to be able to solve
our problems along the way.

To all, to each, a fair good night,
And pleasing dreams, and slumbers light.  -- Scott

To arrive at perfection, a man should have very sincere friends or inveterate
enemies; because he would be made sensible of his good or ill conduct, either
by the censures of the one, or the admonitions of the other.  -- Diogenes

To be "matter of fact" about the world is to blunder into fantasy--and dull
fantasy at that, as the real world is strange and wonderful.  -- Lazarus Long

To be able to be caught up into the world of thought--that is being educated.
 -- Edith Hamilton

To be angry, is to revenge the fault of others upon ourselves.
 -- Alexander Pope

To be free of bondage or restraint, to live under a government based on the
consent of the citizens, these are basic among all freedoms ... and this is
the reason why a democracy is from every possible humane point of view the
best form of government ... What so many human beings in the modern world
have failed to understand is that freedom is the greatest of all trusts.
 -- Ashley Montagu

To be thrown on one's own resources is to be cast in the very lap of fortune;
for our faculties undergo a development, and display an energy, of which they
were previously unsusceptible.  -- Benjamin Franklin

To beat the bureaucracy, make your problem their problem.  -- Marshall L. Smith

To behave with dignity is nothing less than to allow others freely to be
themselves.  -- Sol Chaneles

To believe in God is impossible--not to believe in Him is absurd.

To believe is to be strong.  Doubt cramps energy.  Belief is power.

To believe with certainty we must begin to doubt.  -- Stanislaus

To build something that endures, it is of the greatest importance to have a
long tenure in office--to rule for many years.  You can achieve a quick
success in a year or two, but nearly all the great tycoons have continued
their building much longer.  -- Antony Jay

To cease smoking is the easiest thing I ever did.  I ought to know because
I've done it a thousand times.  -- Mark Twain

To comprehend a man's life, it is necessary to know mot merely what he does
but also what he purposely leaves undone.  There is a limit to the work that
can be got out of a human body or a human brain, and he is a wise man who
wastes no energy on pursuits for which he is not fitted; and he is still
wiser who, among the things that he can do well, chooses and resolutely
follows the best.  -- William Gladstone

To conceal anything from those to whom I am attached, is not in my nature.  I
can never close my lips where I have opened my heart.  -- Dickens

To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the
competent.

To die is landing on some distant shore.  -- John Dryden

To die--to sleep--
No more--and, by a sleep, to say we end
The heart-ache, and the thousand natural shocks,
That flesh is heir to--'Tis a consummation
Devoutly to be wish'd.  -- Shakespeare

To divest one's self of some prejudices, would be like taking off the skin to
feel the better.  -- Greville

To do is to be - Nietzsche
To be is to do - Sartre
Do be do be do - Sinatra

To do two things at once is to do neither.  -- Publius Syrus

To doubt is worse than to have lost; and to despair is but to antidote those
miseries that must fall on us.  -- Massinger

To endeavor to work upon the vulgar with fine sense, is like attempting to hew
blocks with a razor.  -- Alexander Pope

To enjoy freedom we have to control ourselves.  -- Virginia Woolf

To err is human--to forgive is not company policy.

To err is human, but it takes a computer to really foul things up.

To err may become inhuman.

To estimate the time it takes to do a task:  estimate the time you think it
should take, multiply by two, and change the unit of measure to the next
higher unit.  Thus we allocate two days for a one-hour task.

To every Ph.D. there is an equal and opposite Ph.D, which explains why it is
so easy to find expert witnesses who contradict each other.

To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating
oneself endlessly.  -- Henri Bergson

To follow foolish precedents, and wink
With both our eyes is easier than to think.  -- Cowper

To function efficiently, any group of people or employees must have faith in
their leader.  -- Capt. Bligh (HMRN, Ret)

To gain one's way is no escape from the responsibility for an inferior
solution.  -- Winston Churchill

To get action out of management, it is necessary to create the illusion of a
crisis in the hope it will be acted on.  -- Gene Franklin

To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three men,
two of them absent.

To gild refined gold, to paint the lily,
To throw a perfume on the violet,
To smoothe the ice, or add another hue
To the rainbow, or, with taper-light,
To seek the beauteous eye of heaven to garnish,
Is wasteful and ridiculous excess.  -- Shakespeare

To give happiness is to deserve happiness.

To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured
with money--sincerity and integrity.  -- Donald Adams

To go to law, is for two persons to kindle a fire at their own cost, to warm
others, and singe themselves to cinders; and because they cannot agree, to
what is truth and equity, they will both agree to unplume themselves, that
others may be decorated with their feathers.  -- Feltham

To have a sense of humor is to be a tragic figure.  -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

To her love was like the air of heaven--invisible, intangible; it yet encircled
her soul, and she knew it; for in it was her life.  -- Miss M'Intosh

To him nothing is impossible, who is always dreaming of his past possibilities.
 -- Carlyle

To justify his theft, one trade union official, caught with his hand in the
till, explained that he was using the money to fight Communism.

To keep your friends treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.

To kill an enterprise, complain that nothing is ever published that interests
you but never offer to write an article, make a suggestion, or find a writer.
 -- Jean-Charles Terrassier

To kill an enterprise, criticize the work of the organizers and members.
 -- Jean-Charles Terrassier

To kill an enterprise, don't do what has to be done yourself, but when the
members roll up their sleeves and do their very best, complain that the group
is run by a bunch of ego-trippers.  -- Jean-Charles Terrassier

To kill an enterprise, don't go to meetings.  -- Jean-Charles Terrassier

To kill an enterprise, get mad if you are not a member of the committee, but if
you are, make no suggestions.  -- Jean-Charles Terrassier

To kill an enterprise, if you go to the meetings, arrive late.
 -- Jean-Charles Terrassier

To kill an enterprise, never think of introducing new members.
 -- Jean-Charles Terrassier

To kill an enterprise, pay your dues as late as possible.
 -- Jean-Charles Terrassier

To kill an enterprise, say you have no opinion on the subject if the chair asks
for it.  After the meeting, say you have learned nothing, or tell everyone
what should have happened.  -- Jean-Charles Terrassier

To kill time, a committee meeting is the perfect weapon.

To know how to refuse is as important as to know how to consent.
 -- Baltasar Gracian

To know thy self is the ultimate form of aggression.  -- Marion J. Levy, Jr.

To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.

To live in a place where you don't belong is to live in hell.
 -- Italo Bombolini

To live long, it is necessary to live slowly.  -- Cicero

To lose a friend is the greatest of all losses.  -- Syrus

To love and to be wise is scarcely granted to the highest.  -- Laberius

To make yourself miserable, cultivate a consistently pessimistic outlook.

To make yourself miserable, don't forget to feel sorry for yourself.

To make yourself miserable, forget the feelings and rights of other people.

To make yourself miserable, forget the good things in life and concentrate on
the bad.

To make yourself miserable, never overlook a slight or forget a grudge.

To make yourself miserable, put an excessive value on money.

To make yourself miserable, think that you are exceptional and entitled to
special privileges.

To make yourself miserable, think that you are indispensible to your job, your
company, and your friends.

To make yourself miserable, think that you are overburdened with work and that
people tend to take advantage of you.

To make yourself miserable, think that you can control your nervous system by
sheer will power.

To many men well-fitting doors are not set on their tongues.  -- Theognis

To mortal men great loads alotted be;
But of all packs no pack like poverty.  -- Herrick

To most men, experience is like the stern lights of a ship which illumine only
the track it has passed.

To profit from good advice requires as much wisdom as to give it.

To read without reflecting, is like eating without digesting.  -- Bacon

To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.

To save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda.

To say nothing, especially when speaking, is half the art of diplomacy.

To set the mind above the appetites is the end of abstinence, which one of the
Fathers observes to be, not a virtue, but the groundwork of a virtue.
 -- Johnson

To some lawyers all facts are created equal.  -- Justice Felix Frankfurter

To stay young requires unceasing cultivation of the ability to unlearn old
falsehoods.

To study an object best, understand it thoroughly before you start.

To succeed planning alone is insufficient.  One must improvise as well.
 -- Salvor Hardin

To teach men how to live without certainty, and yet without being paralyzed
by hesitation, is perhaps the chief thing philosophy can still do.
 -- Bertrand Russell

To the Gay Laugh of my Mother at the Gate of the Grave.  -- Sean O'Casey

To the atheist, death is the end; to the believer, the beginning; to the
agnostic, the sound of silence.

To the generous mind, the heaviest debt is that of gratitude, when 'tis not
in our power to repay it.  -- Dr. Thomas Franklin

To the memory of the man, first in war, first in peace, and first in the hearts
of his country.  -- General Henry Lee

To the wage earner, "free enterprise" is the way his boss treats him and those
around him.  -- Malcolm Forbes

To those who doubt the importance of careful mate selection, remember how Adam
wrecked a promising career.  -- Charles Merrill Smith

To treat your facts with imagination is one thing, but to imagine your facts
is another.  -- John Burroughs

To understand political power aright ... we must consider what state all men
are naturally in, and that is a state of perfect freedom to order their
actions ... within the bonds of the law of nature, without asking leave, or
depending upon the will of any other man.  -- John Locke

To what base uses may we return!  Why may not imagination trace the noble dust
of Alexander, 'til it find it stopping a bunghole?  As thus:  Alexander died,
Alexander was buried, Alexander returneth to dust; the dust is earth: of earth
we make loam.  And why of that loam, whereto he was converted, might they not
stop a beer barrel?  -- Shakespeare

To write a good love-letter you ought to begin without knowing what you mean to
say, and end without knowing what you have written.  -- Rousseau

To write well is at once to think well, to feel rightly, and to render
properly!  It is to have, at the same time, mind, soul, taste.  -- Buffon

Today most physicians specialize.  After getting his bill, I've decided my
doctor's speciality is banking.  -- Mickey Porter

Too much gravity argues a shallow mind.  -- Lavater

Too often I find that the volume of paper expands to fill the available
briefcases.  -- Governor Jerry Brown

Towering genius disdains the beaten path.  It seeks regions hitherto
unexplored.  -- Abraham Lincoln

Train up a child in the way he should go; and when he is old he will not depart
from it.  -- Proverbs XXII, 6.

Treason doth never prosper.  What's the reason?
Why, when it prospers, none dare call it treason.  -- Sir John Harrington

Treat the other man's faith gently: it is all he has to believe with.
 -- Henry S. Haskins

Trespassers will be violated!

Trinity is the word for a committed god.

Trivial matters are handled promptly; important matters are never solved.

Trouble strikes in series of threes, but when working around the house the
next job after a series of threes is not the fourth job--it's the start of
a brand new series of threes.  -- Avery

True dignity is never gained by place, and never won when honors are withdrawn.
 -- Massinger

True eloquence consists in saying all that should be said, not all that could
be.  -- La Rochefoucauld

True friendship is like sound health, the value of it is seldom known until
it be lost.  -- Charles Caleb Colton

True genius resides in the capacity for evaluation of uncertain, hazardous,
and conflicting information.

True happiness will be found only in true love.

True hope is swift and flies with swallow's wings;
Kings it makes gods, and meaner creatures kings.  -- Shakespeare

Trust me!

Trust no future howe'er pleasant!
Let the dead past bury its dead!
Act--act in the living present!
Heart within and God o'erhead!  -- Longfellow

Truth in science can be defined as the working hypothesis best suited to open
the way to the next better one.  -- Konrad Lorenz

Truth is God's daughter.

Truth is a gem that is found at a great depth; whilst on the surface of this
world, all things are weighed by the false scale of custom.  -- Byron

Truth is a statue, and you are all just a bunch of pigeons.

Truth needs no flowers of speech.  -- Alexander Pope

Try to be like the turtle--at ease in your own shell.  -- Bill Copeland

Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.

Try to find out who's doing the work, not who's writing about it, controlling
it, or summarizing it.  -- Amrom Katz

Try to find the real tense of the report you are reading:  Was it done, is it
being done, or is something to be done?  Reports are now written in four
tenses:  past tense, present tense, future tense, and pretense.  Watch for
novel uses of CONGRAM (CONtractor GRAMmer), defined by the imperfect past, the
insufficient present, and the absolutely perfect future.  -- Amrom Katz

Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.

Two sure ways to tell a sexy male; the first is, he has a bad memory. I forget
the second.

Two things fill the mind with ever new and increasing wonder and awe--the
starry heavens above me, and the moral law within me.  -- Immanuel Kant

Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.  Except in Boston.

Typesetters always correct intentional errors, but fail to correct
unintentional errors.  --  Alan Otten

UNMATCHED: almost as good as the competition.

UNOBTRUSIVE MEASURES: Experimental techniques of unclear origin having
something to do with work tiles. Observing madam in her bath without bringing
forth screams.

UNPRECEDENTED PERFORMANCE: nothing we had before ever worked this way

Uhland's poetry is like the famous war horse, Bayard; it possesses all
possible virtues and only one fault: it is dead.  -- Heinrich Heine

Umpire's dessert--rhubarb pie  -- Raymond D. Love

Unbidden guests are often welcomest when they are gone.  -- Shakespeare

Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some ordinance
under which you can be booked.  -- Robert D. Specht

Under any system a few sharpies will beat the rest of us.  -- Al Goodfather

Under capitalism man exploits man; under socialism the reverse is true.

Under current practices, both expenditures and revenues rise to meet each
other, no matter which one may be in excess.  -- Joe Bolton

Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure, temperature,
volume, humidity, and other variables, the organism will do as it damn
well pleases.

Underneath this flabby exterior is an enormous lack of character.
 -- Oscar Levant

Understanding the laws of nature does not mean we are free from obeying them.
 -- Solomon Short

Undetectable errors are infinite in variety, in contrast to detectable errors,
which by definition are limited.  -- Tom Gibb

Uneasy lies the head that wears a crown.  -- Shakespeare

Uneven economic and political development is an absolute law of capitalism.
 -- Nicolai Lenin

Unkind words do not enhance business confidence.  -- Mark Epernay

Unless you put your money to work for you--you work for your money.
 -- Joe Miller

Until his own life is at stake, an officer can never know what is going on with
his own men.

Until philosophers are kings ... cities will never cease from ill, nor the
human race.  -- Plato

Untold suffering seldom is.

Use every man after his deserts, and who shall 'scape whipping.  -- Shakespeare

Use what talents you possess:  the woods would be very silent if no birds sang
there except those that sang best.  -- Henry van Dyke

Usefulness is inversely proportional to reputation for being useful.
 -- Daniel S. Greenberg

Usurer:  A money-lender.  He serves you in the present tense; he tends you in
the conditional mood; keeps you in the subjunctive; and ruins you in the
future.  -- Addison

Utility is when you have one telephone, luxury is when you have two, opulence
is when you have three--and paradise is when you have none.  -- Doug Larson

Utopia has banned neurosis--
 Punishes illegal thought.
The people nurse, in static poses,
 Neurotic fears of being caught.

VIRTUAL MEMORY: Memory that exists in effect, but not in fact; the usage is
similar to that of the virtual particle in physics, the difference being that
a virtual particle probably does exist but soon won't, while virtual memory
probably doesn't but soon will.

VOLUNTEER SUBJECT: A college sophomore who, of his or her own free will, is
allowed to choose between participating in an experiment or failing a course.

VYARZERZOMANIMORORSEZASSEZANSERAREORSES?

Vacillating people seldom succeed.  They seldom win the solid respect of
their fellow men.  Successful men and women are very careful in reaching
decisions and very persistent and determined in action thereafter.
 -- L. G. Elliott

Vance's Rule of 2-1/2:  Any military project will take twice as long as
planned, cost twice as much, and produce only half of what is wanted.
 -- Cyrus Vance

Variables won't, constants aren't.  -- Don Osborn

Vastly improved review and control will result by promoting the most productive
engineers to management positions.  -- Richard F. Moore

Vaulting ambition which o'erleaps itself.  -- Shakespeare

Venture not to the utmost bounds of even lawful pleasure; the limits of good
and evil join.  -- Fuller

Vice repeated like the wandering wind, blows dust in others' eyes.
 -- Shakespeare

Vice stings us even in our pleasures, but virtue consoles us, even in our
pains.  -- Colton

Victory goes to the candidate with the most accumulated or contributed wealth
who has the financial sources to convince the middle class and poor that he
will be on their side.  -- Mark B. Cohen

Villian, thou know'st no law of God or man;
No beast so fierce, but knows some touch of pity.  -- Shakespeare

Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.  -- Salvor Hardin

Virtue itself often offends when coupled with bad manners.  -- Middleton

Volume is a defense to error.  -- Richard A. Leahy

Vote as an individual; lemmings end up falling off cliffs.  Camaraderie is no
substitute for common sense, and being your own man will make you sleep
better.  -- Pierre S. du Pont

Votre bateau arriverez.

Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime. For a
first offense, that is.  -- Lazarus Long

Walter Shandy attributed most of his son's misfortunes to the fact that at a
highly critical moment his wife had asked him if he had wound the clock, a
question so irrelevant that he despaired of the child's ever being able to
pursue a logical train of thought.  -- Lawrence Sterne

Want of prudence is too frequently the want of virtue; nor is there on earth a
more powerful advocate for vice than poverty?  -- Oliver Goldsmith

War alone brings up to its highest tension all human energy and puts the stamp
of nobility upon the peoples who have the courage to face it.
 -- Benito Mussolini

War destroys men, but luxury mankind
At once corrupts the body and the mind.  -- Crown

Warning to Lawyers:  Beware of and eschew pompous prolixity.
 -- Charles A. Beardsley

Washington is a much better place if you are asking questions rather than
answering them.  -- John Dean

Watch out for formal briefings, they often produce an avalanche.  (Definition:
A high-level snow job of massive and overwhelming proportions.)  -- Amrom Katz

Watch the sun come up, breathe fresh air, exercise your body, become a garbage
collector!

Watch what people are cynical about, and one can often discover what they lack.
 -- Harry Emerson Fosdick

Watch your step! You are beginning to act competent.

We ... repeatedly enlarge our instrumentalities without improving our purpose.
 -- Will Durant

We act as though comfort and luxury were the chief requirements of life, when
all that we need to make us really happy is something to be enthusiastic
about.  -- Charles Kingsley

We all want our friends to tell us our bad qualities; it is only the particular
ass that does so that we can't tolerate.  -- William James

We always remember best the irrelevant.

We are Digital Equipment Corporation ... and you're not!!!

We are all apt to believe what the world believes about us.  -- George Eliot

We are all descendents of Adam and we are all products of racial
miscegenation.  -- Lester B. Pearson

We are citizens of the world: and the tragedy of our times is that we do not
know this.  -- Woodrow Wilson

We are locked into a system of "fouling our own nest," so long as we behave
as independent, rational free-enterprisers.  -- Garrett Hardin

We are more heavily taxed by our idleness, pride and folly than we are taxed by
government.  -- Benjamin Franklin

We are ne'er like angels 'til our passion dies.  -- Dekker

We are not primarily on this earth to see through one another, but to see one
another through.

We ask advice, but we mean approbation.  -- Colton

We can be Knowledgeable with other men's knowledge,
but we cannot be wise with other men's wisdom.  -- Michel de Montaigne

We can destroy ourselves by cynicism and disillusion, just as effectively as
by bombs.  -- Kenneth Clark

We can lick gravity, but sometimes the paperwork is overwhelming.
 -- Wernher von Braun

We cannot defend freedom abroad by deserting it at home.  -- Edward R. Murrow

We cannot put the face of a person on a stamp unless said person is deceased.
My suggestion, therefore, is that you drop dead.
 -- James E. Day, Postmaster General

We cannot really be for something we don't understand.

We cherish our friends not for their ability to amuse us, but for ours to amuse
them.  -- Evelyn Waugh

We find it hard to believe that other people's thoughts are as silly as our
own.  -- James Harvey Robinson

We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
 -- Duc de La Rochefoucauld  (A word to the wise is--unnecessary.)

We have a degree of delight ... in the real misfortunes and pains of others.
 -- Edmund Burke

We have had the reign of the late Avery Brundage, and now we have had eight
years of Killanin, which raises the question of whether being an ass is one
of the requirements for the job, or whether the job produces that effect on
those who hold it.  -- National Review

We have left undone the things we ought to have done, and done the things which
we ought not to have done.

We have met the enemy and they is us!  -- Pogo

We have not lost faith, but we have transferred it from God to the medical
profession.  -- George Bernard Shaw

We have to live today by what truth we can get today and be ready tomorrow
to call it falsehood.  -- William James

We have watched American democracy at close hand for many years and we believe
few governments are institutionally so susceptible to dictatorship as this
one.  -- Gerald Johnson

We join ourselves to no party that does not carry the flag and keep step to the
music of the Union.  -- Rufus Choate

We know nothing about motivation.  All we can do is write books about it.

We laugh heartily to see a whole flock of sheep jump because one did so; might
not one imagine that superior beings do the same by us, and for exactly the
same reason?  -- Grenville

We learn from experience. A man never wakes up his second baby just to see it
smile.

We lie about the truth, that's what ruins us here.  And do you know why we lie
about the truth?  Not because we like to, but because we are scared to death
of it.  If we looked the truth in the eye nine out of ten of us would run to
the graveyard and demand to be buried at once.  -- Babbaluche the cobbler

We may now be nearing the end of our hundred-year belief in Free Lunch.

We must all hang together, or assuredly we will all hang in the Smithsonian
next January.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

We must be greater than God, for we have to undo His injustice.

We must have courage to bet on our ideas, to take the calculated risk, and
to act.  Everyday living requires courage if life is to be effective and bring
happiness.  -- Maxwell Maltz

We must make the best of those ills which cannot be avoided.
 -- Alexander Hamilton

We must reform if we would conserve.  -- Franklin Delano Roosevelt

We never desire earnestly what we desire in reason.  -- La Rochefoucauld

We often boast that we are never bored, yet we are so conceited that we do not
perceive how often we bore others.  -- La Rochefoucauld

We prefer to speak evil of ourselves than not speak of ourselves at all.

We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.

We read to say that we have read.

We see the opening of an era: it is an era of seeking beyond the confines of
our atmosphere; may it be also an era of awakening to the countries of earth.
 -- Bertrand De Jouvenel

We shall find that it is less difficult to hide a thousand guineas than one
hole in your coat.  -- Colton

We should act with as much energy as those who expect everything from
themselves; and we should pray with as much earnestness as those who expect
everything from God.  -- Colton

We should all be obliged to appear before a board every five years, and justify
our existence, on pain of liquidation.  -- George Bernard Shaw

We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it
--and stop there; lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot stove-lid.
She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again--and that is well; but also
she will never sit down on a cold one anymore.  -- Mark Twain

We should have had socialism already, but for the socialists.
 -- George Bernard Shaw

We should often be ashamed of our very best actions, if the world only saw the
motives which caused them.  -- La Rochefoucauld

We show our present joking, giggling race,
True joy consists in gravity and grace.  -- Garrick

We sought the mutant due for lynching,
 Not a trace was there to find.
I told the others--saw them flinching--
 "The bastard must have read my mind!"

We stand for the maintenance of private property ... We shall protect free
enterprise as the most expedient, or rather the sole possible economic
order.  -- Adolf Hitler

We take cunning for a sinister and crooked wisdom, and certainly there is a
great difference between a cunning man and a wise man, not only in point of
honesty but in point of ability.  -- Bacon

We the Unwilling, lead by the Unknowing, are doing the Impossible for the
Ungrateful. We have done so much for so long with so little that we are now
qualified to do anything with nothing.

We think we are on the right road to improvement because we are making
experiments.  -- Benjamin Franklin

We trained hard, but it seemed that every time we were beginning to form up
into teams, we would be reorganized.  I was to learn later in life we tend to
meet any new situation by reorganizing, and a wonderful method it can be for
creating the illusion of progress while producing confusion, inefficiency and
demoralization.  -- Petronious Arbiter

We turn toward God only to obtain the impossible.

We use an amalgam of mercury in modern dentistry because other metals, by
themselves, are not sufficiently malleable to be worked with at the normal
temperatures inside the human mouth.  But mercury--mercury is just walkin'
around, right?!?  -- Mike the Dentist

We were hungry when we got to Moscow, soviet.  -- Groucho Marx

We will bury you!  -- Nikita Kruschev

We won't have a society if we destroy the environment.  -- Margaret Mead

We'd like to make a deal with the computer.  We promise not to fold, spindle
or mutilate if it will stop asking us to sign our name over those little
holes in the space marked for signature.

We're all going down the same road in different directions.  -- Dave Farber

Weed--a plant whose virtues have yet to be discovered.  -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

Welcome to beautiful downtown Maynard, minicomputer capitol of the world.

Welcome to the jungle. Please obey our laws.

Were I to use the wits the good Spirit gave me, then I would say this lady
cannot exist--for what sane man would hold a dream to be reality.  Yet
rather would I not be sane and lend belief to charmed, enchanted eyes.
 -- Magnifico Giganticus (aka the Mule)

Were we as eloquent as angels, yet should we please some men and some women
much more by listening than by talking.  -- Colton

What I want to do is to make people laugh so that they'll see things seriously.
 -- William K. Zinsser

What I've enjoyed most about my climb to the top is all the people I've got to
step on!

What a man needs in gardening is a cast iron back, with a hinge in it.
 -- Charles Dudley Warner

What a piece of work is man!  How noble in reason; how infinite in faculties;
in form and moving, how express and admirable!  In action, how like an angel;
in apprenhension, how like a god; the beauty of the world--the paragon of
animals!  And yet to me what is this quintessence of dust?  -- Shakespeare

What a pity that the only way to heaven is in a hearse!  -- Stanislaw J. Lec

What a wonderful world it is that has boys in it!

What a wonderful world it is that has girls in it!

What ardently we wish we soon believe.  -- Young

What are fears but voices airy?
Whispering harm where harm is not,
And deluding the unwary
'Til the fatal bolt is shot!  -- Wordsworth

What are most of the histories of the world, but lies?  Lies immortalized and
consigned offered as a perpetual abuse and a flaw upon prosperity.  -- South

What did you do in Russia before you were shot?  -- Groucho Marx

What do you call frogs sauteed in egg and milk?  Fried toads.  -- Lani Anderson

What does an Englishman's beer bottle say on the bottom?
OPEN OTHER END.

What does an Englishman's stepladder say at the top?
STOP HERE.

What goes in must come back out.  -- Van Mizzell, Jr.

What goes in, comes out.  -- Richard N. Farmer

What is "Free" to me, but being masterless--and maybe hungry?
 -- Cullen the Fool

What is a church?  Our honest sexton tells,
'Tis a tall building, with a tower and bells.  -- Crabbe

What is ambition?  'Tis a glorious cheat.  Angels of light walk not so
dazzlingly the sapphire walls of heaven.  -- Willis

What is an epigram? A dwarfish whole, its body brevity, and wit its soul.

What is becoming is honest, and whatever is honest must always be becoming.
 -- Cicero

What is freedom?  Freedom is the right to choose: the right to create for
yourself the alternatives of choice.  Without the possibility of choice and
the exercise of choice a man is not a man but a member, an instrument, a
thing.  -- Archibald MacLeish

What is honored in a country will be cultivated there.

What is philosophy but a continual battle against custom?  -- Thomas Carlyle

What is the use of a house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?
 -- Henry David Thoreau

What is the worst of woes that wait on age?
What stamps the wrinkle deeper on the brow?
To view each lov'd one blotted from life's page,
and be alone on earth as I am now.  -- Byron

What maintains one vice, would bring up two children.  Remember, many a little
makes a mickle; and farther, beware of little expenses; a small leak will sink
a great ship.  -- Benjamin Franklin

What makes resisting temptation difficult, for many people, is that they
don't want to discourage it completely.  -- Franklin P. Jones

What makes the virgin flee in horror--
 Threats of kidnapping or rape?
No: her father plans tomorrow
 To graft her brain into an ape.

What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us is that they think
themselves cleverer than we are.

What men learn from history is that men do not learn from history.

What millions died that Ceasar might be great!  -- Campbell

What must be noted about the many fallen political celebrities of recent years
is that salvation eluded them, though they knew all the people in Washington
who are useful to know.  -- Daniel S. Greenberg

What must be, shall be; and that which is a necessity to him that struggles is
little more than choice to him that is willing.  -- Seneca

What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working
when he's staring out the window.

What orators lack in depth they make up in length.

What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing more than man's transparency.

What really matters is the name you succeed in imposing on the facts--not
the facts themselves.  -- Jerome Cohen

What shall we do to be saved?  In politics, establish a constitutional
cooperative society or world government.  In economics, find working
compromises between free enterprise and socialism.  -- Arnold Toynbee

What the orators want in depth, they give you in length.  -- Montesquieu

What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.

What this country needs is radicals who will stay that way regardless of
the creeping years.  -- John Fischer

What this country really needs is to get out the voters the way it gets out
the candidates.

What we want is to see the child in pursuit of knowledge, and not knowledge
in pursuit of the child.  -- George Bernard Shaw

What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say.
 -- Ralph Waldo Emerson

What you don't do is always more important than what you do do.

What you leave at your death, let it be without controversy, else the lawyers
will be your heirs.  -- Osborne

What you think means more than anything else in your life.  More than what you
earn, more than where you live, more than your social position, and more than
what anyone else may think about you.  -- George Adams

What!  canst thou say all this and never blush?  -- Shakespeare

What! shall this speech be spoke for our excuse?  Or shall we on without
apology?  -- Shakespeare

What's a girl like you doing in a nice place like this?

What's a girl like you doing in a place like this? ... and not worrying?

What's a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?

What's all the fuss about?  The MIRV is in the great American tradition of
bombs bursting in air.

What's all the gaudy glitter of a crown?  What but the glaring meteor of
ambition, that leads the wretch benighted in his errors, points to the gulf
and shines upon destruction?  -- Brooke

What's gone, and what's past help, should be past grief.  -- Shakespeare

What's good enough for our ancestors is good enough for us.

What's good politics is bad economics;  what's bad politics is good
economics;  what's good economics is bad politics; what's bad economics is
good politics.  (Or, more compactly, "What's good politics is bad economics 
and vice versa, vice versa.")  -- Eugene W. Baer

What's more miserable than discontent?  -- Shakespeare

What's the matter with the world?  Why, there ain't but one thing wrong with
every one of us--and that's "selfishness."  -- Will Rogers

What's worth doing is worth doing for money.  -- Joseph Donahue

What? Me worry?!?

Whatever General Sherman did on his march through Georgia, we are now even.

Whatever creates the greatest inconvenience for the largest number must happen.
 -- Red Smith

Whatever happens in government could have happened differently and it usually
would have been better if it had.  -- Prof. Charles Frankel

Whatever isn't forbidden is required.  -- Murray Gell-Mann

Whatever natural right men have to freedom and independency, it is manifest
that some men have a natural ascendency over others.  -- Grenville

Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought of as half
as good. Luckily, this is not difficult.  -- Charlotte Whitton

Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.  -- Art Kosatka

When God created two sexes, he may have been overdoing it.
 -- Charles Merrill Smith

When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.

When I play with my cat, who knows if I am not more of a pastime to her than
she is to me?  -- Montaigne

When I see a merchant over-polite to his customer, begging them to take a
little brandy, and throwing his goods on the counter, thinks I, that man has
an axe to grind.  -- Benjamin Franklin

When I take the humor of a thing once, I am like your tailor's needle--I go
through.  -- Ben Johnson

When I was a child, love to me was what the sea is to a fish:  something
you swim in while you are going about the important affairs of life.
 -- P. L. Travers

When I was a kid I said to my father one afternoon, "Daddy, will you take me
to the zoo?" He answered, "If the zoo wants you let them come and get you."
 -- Jerry Lewis

When I was ten, I read fairy tales in secret and would have been ashamed if I
had been found doing so.  Now that I am 50, I read them openly.  When I became
a man, I put away childish things--including the fear of childishness and
the desire to be grown-up.  -- C. S. Lewis

When a customer buys a low-grade article, he feels pleased when he pays for it
and displeased every time he uses it.  But when he buys a well-made article,
he feels extravagant when he pays for it and well pleased every time he uses
it.  -- Herbert N. Casson

When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible,
he is almost certainly right.  When he states that something is impossible,
he is very probably wrong.  -- Arthur C. Clarke

When a group of newsmen go out to dinner together, the bill is to be evenly
divided among them, regardless of what each one eats and drinks.
 -- Jack Germond

When a man blames others for his failures, it's a good idea to credit others
with his successes.  -- Howard W. Newton

When a man finds not repose in himself it is in vain for him to seek it
elsewhere.

When a man has not a good reason for doing a thing, he has one good reason for
letting it alone.  -- Sir Walter Scott

When a man has pity on all living creatures then only is he noble.  -- Buddha

When a man is between the devil and the deep blue sea, his fear of drowning
generally triumphs.

When a man is out of sight, it is not too long before he is out of mind.
 -- Thomas a Kempis

When a man is wrong and won't admit it, he is always angry.  -- Haliburton

When a man says, "Get thee behind me, Satan," he's probably ashamed to have
even the devil see what he's up to.

When a pencil point breaks, the nearest sharpener is exactly 1000 feet away.

When a person says that in the interest of saving time, he will summarize a
prepared statement, he will talk only three times as long as if he had read
the statement in the first place.  -- Alan Otten

When a person stands on his dignity, it's probably because he has very
insecure footing.

When a rechargable battery starts to die in the middle of a complex
calculation, and the user attempts to connect house current, the calculator
will clear itself.  -- John L. Shelton

When a student actually does a homework problem, the instructor will not ask
for it.  -- M. M. Johnston

When a subject becomes totally obsolete we make it a required course.

When a true genius appears in the world you may know him by this sign, that the
dunces are all in confederacy against him.  -- Jonathon Swift

When all else fails, read the instructions.

When an action has its intended effect, it also has other, unintended, effects.

When an error has been detected and corrected, it will be found to have been
correct in the first place.

When an idea is being pushed because it is "exciting," "new," or "innovative"
--beware. An exciting, new, innovative idea can also be foolish.
 -- Donald Rumsfeld
(If in doubt, don't. Or do what is right. Your best question is often, "Why?")

When slides are shown in a darkened room, the instructor will require the
students to take notes.  -- M. M. Johnston

When articles rise the consumer is the first that suffers, and when they fall
he is the last that gains.  -- Colton

When asked how much educated men were superior to those uneducated, Aristotle
answered, "As much as the living are to the dead."  -- Diogenes Laertius

When can their glory fade?
Oh! the wild charge they made!
All the world wondered.
Honour the charge they made!
Honour the Light Brigade,
Noble six hundred!  -- Tennyson

When eating an elephant, take one bite at a time.
 -- General Creighton W. Abrams

When fear admits no hope of safety,
Necessity makes dastards valiant men.  -- Herrick

When forced to resort to arms for redress, an appeal to the tribunal of the
world was deemed proper for our justification.  This was the object of the
Declaration of Independence.  -- Thomas Jefferson

When fortune sends a stormy wind,
Then show a brave and present mind;
And when with too indulgent gales
She swells too much, then furl thy sails.  -- Creech

When he is best, he is little worse than a man; and when he is worst, he is
little worse than a beast.  -- Shakespeare

When in doubt, get it out.  -- Jody Powell

When in doubt, use a bigger hammer.

When in panic or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.  -- Dorable

When it comes to all-out war you use all the troops you have.

When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is not necessary to make a
decision.  -- Lord Falkland

When it rains it pours.

When it was seen that many of the wicked seemed quite untroubled by evil
consciences ... then the idea of future suffering was advanced.

When it's not needed, zoning works fine; when it is essential, it always breaks
down.  -- John McClaughry

When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.  -- Charles Reade

When men grow virtuous in their old age, they are merely making a sacrifice to
God of the Devil's leavings.  -- Jonathon Swift

When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.
 -- Calvin Coolidge

When once infidelity can persuade men that they shall die like beasts, they
will soon be brought to live like beasts also.  -- South

When one considers just what man is,
Happy it be that short his span is.  -- James Cagney

When one has an early class, one's roommate will invariable enter the space
late at night and suddenly become hyperactive, ill, violent, or all three.

When one has great gifts, what answer to the meaning of existence should one
require beyond the right to exercise them?  -- W. H. Auden

When one is trying to be elegant and sophisticated, one won't.  -- Betty Hartig

When other people take a long time to do something, they're slow; when we take
a long time, we're thorough.  When they don't do something, they're lazy;
when we don't, we're too busy.  When they succeed, they're lucky; when we
do, we deserve it.

When our friends get into power, they aren't our friends anymore.
 -- M. Stanton Evans

When people are free to do as they please, they usually imitate each other.
 -- Eric Hoffer

When people are starving, life is no longer meaningless.  -- John Gardner

When people have a job to do, particularly a vital but difficult one, they will
invariably put it off until the last possible moment, and most of them will
put it off even longer.  -- Gordon L. Becker

When played from a sand trap, a ball which does not clear the trap on being
struck may be hit again on the roll without counting an extra stroke.  In no
case will more than two strokes be counted in playing from a trap, since it
is only reasonable to assume that if the player had time to concentrate on
his shot, instead of hurrying it so as not to delay his partners, he would be
out in two.  -- Donald A. Metz

When poverty comes in at the door, love flies out at the window.

When properly administered, vacations do not diminish productivity:  for every
week you're away and get nothing done, there's another when your boss is away
and you get twice as much done.  -- Daniel B. Luten

When prosperity comes, it's best not to use all of it.

When several reporters share a cab on assignment, the reporter in the front
seat pays for all.  -- Warren Weaver

When singleness is bliss, it's folly to be wives.  -- Bill Councelman

When some English moralists write about the importance of having character,
they appear to mean only the importance of having a dull character.
 -- G. K. Chesterton

When stupidity is a sufficient explanation, there is no need to have any
recourse to any other.  -- Michael Uhlmann

When the blossom grows white the potatoes are good.

When the fox gnaws--smile!

When the going gets weird the weird turn pro.

When the government talks about "raising capital" it means printing it.  That's
not very creative, but it's what we're going to do.  -- Peter Drucker

When the issue is simple, and everyone understands it, debate is interminable.
 -- Robert Knowles

When the law is against you, argue the facts.  When the facts are against you,
argue the law.  When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.

When the lay public rallies round an idea that is denounced by
distinguished but elderly scientists, and supports that idea with
great fervor and emotion--the distinguished but elderly scientists are then,
after all, right.  -- Isaac Asimov

When the need arises--and it does--you must be able to shoot your own dog.
Don't farm it out--that doesn't make it nicer, it makes it worse.
 -- Lazarus Long

When the plane you are on is late, the plane you want to transfer to is on time.

When the polls are in your favor, flaunt them.  When the polls are
overwhelmingly unfavorable, (a) ridicule and dismiss them or (b) stress
the volatility of public opinion.  When the polls are slightly unfavorable,
play for sympathy as a struggling underdog.  When the polls are too close
to call, be surprised at your own strength.

When the product is destined to fail, the delivery system will perform
perfectly.  -- Charles P. Boyle

When the speaker and he to whom he speaks do not understand, that is
metaphysics.  -- Voltaire

When the state is most corrupt, then the laws are most multiplied.  -- Tacitus

When the weight of the paperwork equals the weight of the plane, the plane
will fly.  -- Donald Douglas

When the well is dry, we know the worth of oil.  -- Poor Jimmy's Almanac

When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.

When there are two conflicting versions of a story, the wise course is to
believe the one in which people appear at their worst.  -- Avery

When there is a very long road upon which there is a one-way bridge placed
at random and there are two cars only on that road, it follows that: (1)
the two cars are going in opposite directions and (2) they will always meet
at the bridge.  -- B. D. Firstbrook

When they said Canada, I thought it would be up in the mountains somewhere.
 -- Marilyn Monroe

When they want it bad (in a rush), they get it bad.  -- John K. Meskimen

When things are going well, someone will experiment detrimentally.
 -- Charles P. Boyle

When things are going well, something will go wrong.
 Corollary: When things just can't get any worse, they will.
 Corollary: Anytime things appear to be going better, you have overlooked
            something.  -- Francis P. Chisholm

When things go wrong somewhere, they're apt to go wrong everywhere.
 -- Vermont Royster

When traveling with children on one's holidays, at least one child of any
number of children will request a rest room stop exactly half way between any
two given rest rooms.  -- Mervyn Cripps

When two goats met on a bridge which was too narrow to allow them either to pass
or return, the goat which lay down that the other might walk over it was a
finer gentleman than Lord Chesterfield.  -- Cecil

When two people meet to decide how to spend a third person's money, fraud will
result.  -- Herman Gross

When voting on appropriations bills, more is not necessarily better.  It is as
wasteful to have a B-1 bomber in every garage as it is to have a welfare
program for every conceivable form of deprivation.  -- Pierre S. du Pont

When we are right we can afford to keep our tempers.  When we are wrong, we
can't afford not to.

When we call others dogmatic, what we really object to is their holding dogmas
that are different from our own.  -- Professor Charles P. Issawi

When we cannot act as we wish, we must act as we can.  -- Terrence

When wool sweaters are worn, classroom temperatures are 95 degrees Fahrenheit.
 -- M. M. Johnston

When working toward the solution of a problem it always helps if you know
the answer (provided, of course, you know there is a problem).

When you are about to do an objective and scientific piece of investigation of
a topic, it is well to have the answer firmly in hand, so that you can proceed
forthrightly, without being deflected or swayed, directly to the goal.
 -- Amrom Katz

When you are right be logical, when you are wrong be-fuddle.
 -- Gerard E. McKenna

When you are sure you're right, you have a moral duty to impose your will upon
anyone who disagrees with you.  -- Robert W. Mayer

When you arrive at your campsite, it is full.  -- Milt Barber

When you become used to never being alone, you may consider yourself
Americanized.

When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.

When you doubt, abstain.  -- Zoroaster

When you find that flowers and shrubs will not endure a certain atmosphere, it
is a very significant hint to the human creature to remove out of that
neighborhood.  -- Mayhew

When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.

When you have a hammer in your hand, everything looks like a nail.

When you know absolutely nothing about the topic, make your forecast by asking
a carefully selected probability sample of 300 others who don't know the
answer either.  -- Edgar R. Fiedler

When you need towns, they are very far apart.  -- John Steinbeck

When your opponent is down, kick him.  -- John Cameron

When you're out of slits, you're out of pier.

When you're up to your ass in alligators, it is difficult to keep your mind on
the fact that your primary objective is to drain the swamp.

Whenever A annoys or injures B on the pretense of saving or improving X, A is a
scoundrel.  -- H. L. Mencken

Whenever A attempts by law to impose his moral standards on B, A is most likely
a scoundrel.  -- James J. Kirkpatrick

Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.

Whenever in time, and wherever in the universe, any man speaks or writes in
any detail about the technical management of a poem, the resulting
irascibility of the reader's response is a constant.  -- Francis P. Chisholm

Whenever one finds oneself inclined to bitterness, it is a sign of emotional
failure.  -- Bertrand Russell

Whenever one word or letter can change the entire meaning of a sentence, the
probability of an error being made will be in direct proportion to the
embarrassment it will cause.  -- Bob Considine

Whenever science makes a discovery, the devil grabs it while the angels are
debating the best way to use it.

Whenever the cause of the people is entrusted to professors it is lost.
 -- Nikolai Lenin

Whenever two hypotheses cover the facts, use the simpler of the two.

Where are the calculations that go with the calculated risk?  -- Amrom Katz

Where have you ever found that man who stopped short after the perpetration of
a single crime?  -- Juvenal

Where ignorance is bliss, 'tis folly to be wise.  -- Gray

Where is there dignity unless there is honesty?

Where love is there is no labor; and if there be labor, that labor is loved.
 -- Austin

Where necessity ends, curiosity begins; and no sooner are we supplied with
every thing that nature can demand, than we sit down to contrive artificial
appetites.  -- Johnson

Where no hope is left, is left no fear.  -- Milton

Where possible, preserve the President's options--he will very likely need
them.  -- Donald Rumsfeld

Where there is much pretension, much has been borrowed; nature never pretends.
 -- Lavater

Where true love has found a home, every new year forms one more ring around the
hearts of those who love each other, so that in the end they cannot live
apart.  -- Julius Stinde

Where would a shellfish sue for damages?  In a small clams court.
 -- Oliver M. Neshamkin

Where you stand depends upon where you sit.  -- Rufus Miles

Whereas each man claims his freedom as a matter of right, the freedom he
accords other men is a matter of tolerance.  -- Walter Lippmann

Whereas in many branches of economic activity employment depends on the number
of job openings available, in the public service, as also in the advertising
business, social science investigation, and university administration, the
level of unemployment regularly depends on the number of men available and
devoting their time to the creation of job opportunities.

Whereas in the past the only resource for dealing with biological systems was
to try to minimize the interactions between the parts, thereby often losing
the real focus of interest, today nothing but time and money prevent us from
treating real biological systems in all their complexity and richness.
 -- W. Ross Ashby

Wherever is love and loyalty, great purposes and lofty souls, even though in a
hovel or mine, there is a fairy-land.  -- Kingsley

Wherever public spirit prevails, liberty is secure.  -- Noah Webster

Whether he is his brother's keeper or his keeper's brother.  -- Evan Esar

While bryographic plants are typically encountered in substrata of earthly or
mineral matter in concreted state, discrete substrata elements occasionally
display a roughly spherical configuration which, in presence of suitable
gravitational and other effects, lends itself to combined translatory and
rotational motion.  One notices in such cases an absence of the otherwise
typical accretion of bryophyta.  We therefore conclude that a rolling stone
gathers no moss.

While human capacities to shape the environment, society, and human beings are
rapidly increasing, policy making capabilities to use those capacities remain
the same.  -- Yehezkel Dror

While the State exists, there is no freedom.  When there is freedom, there is
no State.  -- Nikolai Lenin

While the difficulties and dangers of problems tend to increase at a geometric
rate, the knowledge and manpower qualified to deal with these problems tend
to increase at an arithmetic rate.  -- Yehezkel Dror

Whilst thou livest keep a good tongue in thy head.  -- Shakespeare

Who ever loved that loved not at first sight?  -- Marlowe

Who fears t' offend takes the first step to please.  -- Cibber

Who loves, raves--'tis youth's phrenzy; but the cure
Is bitterer still.  -- Byron

Who makes quick use of the moment is a genius of prudence.  -- Lavater

Who purposely cheats his friend, would cheat his God.  -- Lavater

Who said things would get better.  -- John Ehrman

Who says I am not under the special protection of God?  -- Adolf Hitler

Who sees with equal eye, as God of all,
A hero perish or a sparrow fall.

Who shall decide when doctors disagree,
And sound casuists doubt like you and me?  -- Alexander Pope

Who shall guard the guardians themselves?

Who soars too near the sun, with golden wings, melts them; to ruin his own
fortune brings.  -- Shakespeare

Who stole the cork from my breakfast?  -- W. C. Fields

Who then is free?  The wise man who can command himself.  -- Horace

Whoever has the gold makes the rules.

Wholly without foundation, informed sources insist, are rumors that John
Anderson will announce a running-mate just as soon as he receives a
confidential medical advisory on the feasibility of his being cloned.
 -- National Review

Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.

Whom the gods would destroy they first make mad.

Whosoever commands the sea commands the trade; whosoever commands the trade of
the world commands the riches of the world, and, consequently the world
itself.  -- Sir Walter Raleigh

Whosoever shall smite thee on thy right cheek, turn to him the other also.  And
if any man will sue thee at the law, and take away thy coat, let him have thy
cloak also.                            -- Matthew V, 39

Why You Can't Run When There's Trouble in the Office:  No matter where you
stand, no matter how far or fast you flee, when it hits the fan, as much as
possible will be propelled in your direction, and almost none will be returned
to the source.  -- John L. Shelton

Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid
responsibility?

Why do five pins seem like a little, but five elephants seem like a lot?

Why does a slight tax increase cost you two hundred dollars and a substantial
tax cut save you thirty cents?

Why does the evening, does the night, put warmer love in our hearts?  Is it the
nightly pressure of helplessness?  Or is it the exalting separation from the
turmoils of life, that veiling of the world in which for the soul nothing
there remains but souls?  It is therefore that the letters in which the loved
name stands written in our spirit appears like phosphorous writing by night,
in fire, while by day, in their cloudy traces, they but smoke?  -- Richter

Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition?  We
spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether we
needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a pet
coon.  This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to pay the
fiddler.  -- Will Rogers

Why don't you put on a tutu and go to a leather bar?

Why don't you slip into something more comfortable? Like thumbscrews.

Why don't you try slipping on a pair of water moccasins?

Why dost thou court that baneful pest, ambition?  -- Potter

Why is man doomed to have only one erogenous zone?

Why should I feel another man's mistakes more than his sickness or poverty?

Why should society feel responsible only for the education of children, and
not for the education of all adults of every age?  -- Erich Fromm

Why should the devil have all the good tunes?

Why should we subsidize intellectual curiosity?  -- Ronald Reagan

Why shouldn't the American people take half my money from me? I took all of it
from them.

Why would we have different races if God meant us to be alike and associate
with each other?  -- Lester Maddox

Wicked men obey for fear, but the good for love.  -- Aristotle

Wickedness may prosper for awhile, but in the long run, he that sets all
knaves at work will pay them.  -- L'Estrange

Wide flush the fields; the softening air is balm;
Echo the mountains round; the forest smiles;
And every sense and every heart is joy.  -- Thomson

Wife who put husband in doghouse soon find him in cathouse.

Win her with gifts, if she respect not words;
Dumb jewels often, in their silent kind,
More quick than words do move a woman's mind.  -- Shakespeare

Wine is a turncoat; first a friend, and then an enemy.  -- Fielding

Winged time glides on insensibly, and deceives us; and there is nothing more
fleeting than years.  -- Ovid

Wisdom and knowledge decrease in inverse proportion to age.
 -- William J. Lynott

Wisdom is considered a sign of weakness by the powerful because a wise man can
lead without power but only a powerful man can lead without wisdom.
 -- Mark B. Cohen

Wisdom is meaningless until our own experience has given it meaning ...
and there is wisdom in the selection of wisdom.  -- Bergen Evans

Wise people learn to tolerate only productive anxiety in themselves.  They
make tension work for them instead of against them.  Their aggressiveness
is outgoing and initiating, not hostile or arrogant.

Wit is cultured insolence.  -- Aristotle

Wit is the rarest quality to be met with among people of education.
 -- William Hazlitt

Wit is the salt of conversation, not the food.  -- William Hazlitt

Wit lies in the likeness of things that are different, and in
the difference of things that are alike.  -- Madame de Stael

Wit sometimes enables us to act rudely with impunity.
 -- Duc de La Rochefoucauld
(In other words, to step on a man's toes without spoiling his shoeshine.)

With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.

With equal pace, impartial fate,
Knocks at the palace and the cottage gate.  -- Horace

With every exertion, the best of men can do but a moderate amount of good; but
it seems in the power of the most contemptible individual to do incalculable
mischief.  -- Washington Irving

With rank goeth privileges--so it ever shall be.  But also with it go
responsibility and obligations, always more onerous than the privileges are
pleasant.  -- Robert A. Heinlein

With the press, it is safest to assume that there is no "off the record."
 -- Donald Rumsfeld

With the proper consideration in choice of allies, victory may be guaranteed
in any conflict.  -- Benedict Arnold

Within the oyster's shell uncouth
 The purest pearl may hide,
Trust me you'll find a heart of truth
 Within that rough inside.  -- Mrs. Osgood

Without fools there would be no wisdom.

Without freedom, no one really has a name.  -- Milton Acorda

Women have more strength in their looks than we have in our laws, and more
power by their tears than we have by our arguments.  -- Saville

Women who want equality must be prepared to give it and believe in it, and in
order to do that it is not enough to state that you are as good as any man,
but also it must be stated he is as good as you and both will be humans
together.  -- Anne Roiphe

Words are men's daughters, but God's sons are things.  -- Johnson

Words are the voice of the heart.

Words must be weighed, not counted.

Words with a 'k' in them are funny.  If it doesn't have a 'k', it's not funny.
 -- Willie Clark

Work Rule:  After an employee has spent his 13 hours of labor in the office, he
should spend the remaining time reading the Bible and other good books.

Work Rule:  Any employee who smokes Spanish cigars, uses liquor in any form, or
frequents pool and public halls, or gets shaved in a barber shop, will give me
good reasons to suspect his worth, intentions, integrity and honesty.

Work Rule:  Death (Other Than Your Own)--This is no excuse.  If you can arrange
for funeral services to be held late in the afternoon, however, we can let you
off an hour early, provided all your work is up to date.

Work Rule:  Each clerk will bring in a bucket of water and scuttle of coal for
the day's business.

Work Rule:  Each day fill lamps, clean chimneys, and trim wicks.  Wash the
windows once a week.

Work Rule:  Entirely too much time is being spent in the washrooms.  In the
future, you will follow the practice of going in alphabetical order.  For
instance, those whose surnames begin with "A" will be allowed to go from 9 -
9:05 AM, and so on.  If you are unable to go at your appointed time, it will
be necessary to wait until the next day when your time comes around again.

Work Rule:  Every employee should lay aside from each pay a goodly sum of his
earnings for his benefit during his declining years, so that he will not
become a burden on society or his betters.

Work Rule:  Leave of Absence (for an Operation)--We are no longer allowing
this practice.  We wish to discourage any thoughts that you may not need all
of whatever you have, and you should not consider having anything removed.  We
hired you as you are, and to have anything removed would certainly make you
less than we bargained for.

Work Rule:  Make your pens carefully.  You may whittle nibs to your individual
taste.

Work Rule:  Men employees will be given off each week for courting purposes,
or two evenings a week if they go regularly to church.

Work Rule:  Office employees will daily sweep the floors, dust the furniture,
shelves, and showcases.

Work Rule:  Sickness--No excuses will be acceptable.  We will no longer accept
your doctor's statement as proof of illness, as we believe that if you are
able to go to the doctor, you are able to come to work.

Work Rule:  The employee who has performed his labors faithfully and without a
fault for five years, will be given an increase of five cents per day in his
pay, providing profits from the business permit it.

Work Rule:  This office will open at 7 AM and close at 8 PM except on the
Sabbath, on which day we will remain closed.  Each employee is expected to
spend the Sabbath by attending church and contributing liberally to the cause
of the Lord.

Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do, and Play consists of
whatever a body is not obliged to do.  -- Samuel Clemens

Work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet reached their level of
incompetence.  -- Laurance J. Peter

Work is of two kinds:  (1) Altering the position of matter at or near the
earth's surface relative to other such matter; (2) Telling other people to do
so.  The first is unpleasant and ill paid; the second is pleasant and high
paid.

Works of genius are the first things in the world.

Works without faith are like a fish without water, it wants the element it
should live in.  A building without a basis cannot stand; faith is the
foundation, and every good action is as a stone laid.  -- Feltham

World's shortest ghost story:  The last man on earth sat down in his room.
Suddenly there was a knock on the door!

Worriers spend a lot of time shoveling smoke.  -- Claude McDonald

Worth seeing?  Yes, but not worth going to see.

Writers desire to be paid, authors desire recognition.  -- James L. Davis

Writers of novels and romances in general bring a double loss on their readers,
they rob them both of their time and money; representing men, manners, and
things that never have been, nor are likely to be; either confounding or
perverting history or truth, inflating the mind, or committing violence upon
the understanding.  -- Lady Montague

Writers, composers, entertainers and such know an awful truth:  it is easier to
please a million people you don't know than to please one person you do know.
 -- Richard J. Needham

Writing code is easy: just get it write the first time!

Writing is not hard.  Just get paper and pencil, sit down and write it as it
occurs to you.  The writing is easy--it's the occurring that's hard.
 -- Stephen Leacock

Xerox: A trademark for a photocopying device that can make rapid reproductions
of human error, perfectly.  -- Merle L. Meacham

YEARS OF DEVELOPMENT: finally got one that worked.

Ya gotta be subtle!  -- Mike Hammer

Yeccchhh! That must be a face, it has ears!

Yesterday I was on a guilt trip ... today I'm on an ego trip.

Yet I argue not
Against heaven's hand or will, nor bate a jot
Of heart or hope, but still bear up and steer
Right onward.  -- Milton

Yield to temptation; it may not pass your way again.  -- Lazarus Long

Yippies, hippies, yahoos, Black Panthers, lions and tigers alike--I would
swap the whole damn zoo for the kind of young Americans I saw in Vietnam.
 -- Spiro Agnew

You always find something in the last place you look.

You amass things only to enjoy them.

You are a bundle of energy always on the go.

You are a pioneer type and hold most people in contempt.

You are a quick and intelligent thinker.

You are almost there.

You are always busy.

You are aware that merit is not always rewarded.

You are building up credit for the future.

You are capable of planning your future.

You are certainly entitled to your opinion.  Fortunately, the rest of us are
entitled to ignore it.

You are conservative and afraid of taking risks.

You are cordially invited to go screw yourself.

You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.

You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.

You are fairminded, just and loving.

You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.

You are free and that is why you are lost.  -- Franz Kafka

You are going to have a new love affair (with a rock).

You are going to have a new love affair.

You are heading for a land of sunshine.

You are here.
               *****
               *****
             *********
              *******
               *****
                ***
                 *
                  But you're not all there.

You are inclined to be careless and impractical, causing you to make the same
mistakes repeatedly.

You are logical and hate disorder.

You are magnetic in your bearing.

You are not worth the dust which the rude wind blows in your face.
 -- Shakespeare
